The International Olympic Committee (IOC) and its Worldwide Top Partner Alibaba Group announced last Saturday that the first-ever Olympic official online store has been launched on Tmall, China's largest e-commerce platform.
The Olympic store on Tmall offers official products of three Olympic core licensing collections -- the Olympic Games Collection, the Olympic Heritage Collection and the Olympic Collection.
The Olympic Games Collection includes branded products for upcoming Games like the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics.
The Olympic Heritage Collection features products from previous Olympic Games, while the Olympic Collection targets young people and will mainly offer sports equipment and toys.
"The launch was made possible thanks to the support of our Worldwide Olympic partner Alibaba's technology and expertise," said Timo Lumme, the IOC Television and Marketing Service Managing Director.
"From today we look forward to offering the latest exciting Olympic products to Chinese Olympic fans through our new Olympic store on Alibaba's platform."
John Wall goes off for a season-high 40 PTS, 14 AST in a monster performance for the WashWizards!
The Washington Wizards played perhaps their best game of the season with John Wall and Bradley Beal playing like a dominant All-Star backcourt.
Nowitzki, 40, had been tied at 20 seasons with Kobe Bryant, who retired from the Los Angeles Lakers after the 2015-16 season.
Now no other NBA player has played that many seasons with the same team.
Sacramento Kings coach Dave Joerger sees unlimited potential in Dallas Mavericks rookie Luka Doncic, "Perhaps there was an idea that there was a ceiling on him.
I don't see it, unfortunately for us.
But he's great for them and he's great for our league."
"He's played like an MVP this entire season."
@Candace_Parker thinks Nikola Jokic deserves more love in the MVP conversation.
A season ago, LeBron James congratulated Lonzo Ball on becoming the youngest player in league history to record a triple-double, breaking James' record.
Now, James and Ball set some triple-double history together in the Los Angeles Lakers' 128-100 win over the Charlotte Hornets.
They became the first Lakers teammates to do it since Magic Johnson and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar hung triple-dips on Detroit on Jan.
22, 1982. "I mean, anytime you can put yourself in the conversation with Laker history and all the guys who came through this franchise, it's pretty special," James said.
"And tonight is another example of that."
With a 4-24 record, the Suns are an embarrassment.Phoenix will have to play out the rest of this 82-game slog in turmoil.
Owner Robert Sarver fired the team's general manager just days before the season, and is now reportedly threatening to move the team if the city doesn't give public funding to upgrade the team's decades-old arena.
The team's best player, Devin Booker, has been sidelined by one injury or another for much of the season.
And rookie head coach Igor Kokoskov is tasked with navigating his young team through all the madness.
It's all fed into the perception that Phoenix made a franchise-altering mistake by selecting center Deandre Ayton on the night of June 21, 2018.
If only the Suns had gone instead with Luka Doncic, who is currently helping the Mavericks make an unexpected playoff push.The Suns faced two roads diverging in the 2018 NBA draft, and went with the road well traveled by choosing a classic cornerstone center, Ayton, instead of the modern, positionless playmaker, Doncic.
It's too soon to make final judgments about players drafted less than six months ago, now almost one-third of the way through their rookie seasons.
And consider the circumstances: Doncic fell into a dream scenario with an experienced head coach in Rick Carlisle, and supporting veterans that enhance and complement his current skill set.
The last thing Ayton has is support.
NBA scouts and executives have long questioned Ayton's competitive spirit, and those questions have all carried into the NBA.
Ayton's focus and effort are underwhelming, and he's had a habit of complaining on the court.
Ayton too often he gets beat up the floor in transition, and outmuscledin the half court, like he does in the clip above by Clippers center Boban Marjanovic.
Even when Ayton contests jump shots, he turns his head to watch the flight of the ball instead of following through with his contest.
Watching Ayton, it seems like he's more worried about the results than he is channeling all his energy into the process (which can, of course, influence the results).
From the moment Ayton was selected, the team's focus became clear: the Suns wanted to build an inside-out system around a perimeter scoring machine in Booker, and an interior presence in Ayton.
There's a blueprint to be followed, and the Suns, despite how things look, are staying the course.
Their draft-night trade for wing Mikal Bridges and signing of Trevor Ariza suggests there's an understanding that Ayton and Booker can be optimized if surrounded by 3-and-D wings.
Ayton is scoring an excellent 1.07 points per possession in the half court, which is comparable to the always efficient Steven Adams.
Ayton is far more skilled, of course, though he hasn't always had opportunities to show it.
Phoenix's point guard problem is apparent in its inability to feed Ayton, but the rookie should also be fighting harder to demand touches.
The season is young, and Ayton's offensive tools have already impressed.
The flaws are there, but it's unreasonable to expect them to disappear so soon.
The good part is everything that scouts lauded about his game in college has translated.
The bad part is the same can be said about the concerns with his defense.
Ayton makes slow reads in the pick-and-roll, but that's to be expected for any young big man—especially one on this horrific Suns team that doesn't play a lick of perimeter defense.
Gregg Popovich became head coach of the Spurs all the way back in 1996.
He went 17-47 in his first season as coach.
Since then, the Spurs have never had a record below .500.
It just speaks to how astonishing of a leader Popovich is.
Popovich has won five NBA championships with San Antonio.
He's been named Coach of the Year three times and is widely regarded as the best NBA coach of the last decade or so.
The Spurs have never won back-to-back championships, but people still consider them a dynasty for their sustainable success, and it's all because of Popovich and his ability to plug in players into his system and flourish with them.
This season is the first year in a very long time that Gregg Popovich doesn't have Tim Duncan, Tony Parker, or Manu Ginobili on the roster.
Duncan and Ginobili are both retired, while Parker signed a free agent deal with the Charlotte Hornets in July.
The Spurs are 14-14 on the season.
When it's all said and done, Gregg Popovich will go down as a top-five coach of all-time.
The way he's been able to connect with a variety of players and win games at the highest level is truly special.
Monday night in Los Angeles, James and Wade will play against each other a final time.
It caps a winding, complicated and wonderful 16 years together that saw them team up and break up twice, win titles twice, bitterly lose a gold medal and gloriously win a gold medal.
But perhaps the greatest accomplishment is that, after those 16 years, Wade's retirement tour — deemed "one last dance" — can include another happy spin around the floor with his most famous dancing partner.
In 2011, Wade had a brilliant NBA Finals.
He averaged 26.5 points, 7 rebounds, 5.2 assists.
1.5 steals and 1.5 blocks.
But James played the worst playoff series of his career, dragging Wade down and perhaps costing the Heat the title.
James' eight-point Game 4 stands as maybe the worst night of his career.
In a stat that is forgotten but telling, James actually ranked third on his own team in scoring during that Finals.
Despite that major letdown, Wade's response wasn't frustration or resentment, but instead humility.
The next season, he encouraged James to step forward and become the Heat's leader and to control the team, something Wade by all rights as a former champion could've commanded himself.
James was the better player — it was the right decision — but it was anything but easy.
The changes led to James winning back-to-back MVPs and the Heat winning back-to-back titles.
When Wade started suffering knee issues, James returned some of the favor by carrying the Heat to a fourth straight Finals in his last year in Miami.
But even after being left behind by James, and dealing with the fallout both personally and professionally as a result of his decision, Wade showed nothing but support for his friend.
"It's bitter, and it's sweet.
It's sweet and sour," James said.
"The sweet part is I've always loved being on the same floor with my brother.
And the sour part is that this is our last time sharing the same court."
Asked why his bond with Dwyane Wade has stood the test of time, LeBron James said, "Some things you just can't explain, and that's why we have our brotherhood."
The two will meet for a final time on Monday in Los Angeles.
Wade's sentiments exactly.
"Having this opportunity with 'Bron, out of everybody in the NBA, he's the person I've loved playing against the most outside of Kobe [Bryant],obviously, he's also one of my good friends, and the history we have as teammates, as well.
It definitely means more than just the average last game versus a team or individual."
"I'm not going to sit here and tell you, 'Oh, it's another one of 82 (games).
Not it's not.
Not for me," Wade said.
"It's a game where I get to play against not only one of my best friends but one of the game's greatest players for the last time.
I want to win as a team, but I want to savor the opportunities."
More than anything, though, the final James vs. Wade game is an opportunity to witness history in real time — but also to appreciate the last 16 seasons, and what the duo has done to elevate a game they were both expected to, and did, revolutionize.
In June 2003, a group of amateurs including LeBron James, Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh and Melo became professionals.
Few draft classes can match such superstar clout, and over the past 15 seasons, those dudes have come to define the post-Jordan NBA.
At the time, the NBA was in an awkward spot.
Every promising young player, from Vince Carter to Kobe Bryant,was labeled the next MJ.The stars of the 2003 draft class got to meditate on MJ's hero ball for years.
But as the game changed, so did the league's top young superstars — embracing ball movement, 3-point shooting and defensive versatility.
Well, most of them.
While many top prospects play with a raw, frenetic energy, Carmelo was cool.
His poise stood out within the hectic, hyperactive setting of college basketball.Anthonywas bound for glory.
LeBron was going to be the first pick, but Anthony was a sure thing.
His predraft analysis was glowing.
Advanced stats have never been kind to Melo on D, but what about on offense?
After all, he was one of the most gifted young scorers of his era.
Welp, those stats are also unkind.
Anthony's career TS% is 54.2, below the current NBA average of 55.7.
His best season through this lens was 2007-08, when he logged a healthy 56.8 mark.Anthony was never able to combine volume and efficiency as well as the other top scorers of his era.
But a closer look here reveals that the league's best young scorers are putting up much higher TS% than the older guys ever did.
The MVPs of this decade are all more efficient, thanks in large part to adopting analytically correct shot diets that emphasize 3-point shooting while limiting the midrange.
It wouldn't matter if Carmelo Anthony and Kobe Bryant were more gifted shooters than James Harden.
Harden's stats look better because he avoids the midrange as much he as avoids shaving cream.
Harden's analytically correct shot diet is the key to his game.
Anthony made 44.9 percent of his shots in 2012-13.
Harden made the exact same amount in 2017-18, but his TS% dwarfs Melo's because Harden took more 3s and free throws than any other player in the league.
Three-point shooting is just a symptom, and analytics are agnostic.
The style of play we're watching right now — and the style that is incompatible with Carmelo — can also be attributed to a handful of legislative decisions that intentionally reformed the game.
If Melo is a dinosaur, then the rule changes of 2004 just might be the meteor.
If present trends continue, we will never see gorgeous midrange monsters like Kobe, Melo, Dirk or Jordan again.
That's some of the beauty we will lose, but we will see a lot more Hardens in part because the league is well aware of the stats encoded here.
Like MJ and Kobe, Carmelo Anthony loves to shoot from those blue areas.
Unfortunately for him, in a league obsessed with analytical correctness, nobody finds that valuable anymore.
That beauty is old-school now.
Leonard had 36 points, Jonas Valanciunas scored 18 of his season-high 26 in the fourth quarter and the Toronto Raptors beat Philadelphia 113-102 on Wednesday night, handing the 76ers their 13th consecutive loss in Canada.
Defense has always been what makes Leonard special; it won him a Finals MVP.
The crazy thing about watching Kawhi today is that even as he's grown as a player and blossomed into the sort of scorer who can carry an offense by himself, his signature hasn't changed.
Other players are called two-way stars if they can play defense; that means they will actually dominate that end of the floor for an entire game.
He's an immense talent, he really is," coach Nick Nurse said.
"And when the stakes go up a little bit, he's going to play his hand a little harder."
"That's what you're going to get out of big-time players," Philadelphia's Jimmy Butler said.
"He had a great game.""Jimmy showed why he's an All-Star," 76ers coach Brett Brown said.
"He came in and gave us some tremendous things."
Leonard reportedly declined an extension from Jordan Brand earlier this year that was worth $20 million.
Now in the wake of that decision the 27 year old will be the face of NB’s burgeoning basketball division.
Other than working with Leonard, they have a new deal with Darius Bazley, employing him as an intern at the company while he prepares for his unique path to the NBA.
While the terms of the deal are yet to be disclosed or officially announced, Leonard will reportedly serve as the face of New Balance basketball as the brand looks to re-establish its presence on the hardwood.
Nobody in the NBA has mastered this art as well as Harden, who has led the league in free throws attempted in five of the past six seasons, averaging more than 10 per game.
He has a deep bag of tricks to earn opportunities at the most efficient shot in the game — Harden hits free throws at an 85.3 percent clip for his career — but he isn't exactly eager to publicly discuss his tactics.
"I just play.
Fouls come," Harden says, keeping a straight face.
"I don't really come into the game trying to draw fouls.
I just play the game."
"The guy is really, really a smart guy.
He's really clever.
You can tell he practices at knowing what the defense is allowed to do and not allowed to do and where his defender is, because he seems to get the defender in a compromising position."
"It's like he's got the plague, and you don't want to touch him.
That's how we've got to treat him."
He's dominant as a driver, an elite ballhandler and a crafty finisher.
His step-back 3 has become his signature move.
But the first thing opponents discuss when preparing for Harden is keeping him off the free throw line.
"He just has a way of throwing the ball out there, making guys think they can go get it," says Oklahoma City Thunder small forward Paul George.
"It's like if a cookie's sitting right there, you want to go get it, but you're not going to get it every time," Temple says.
"It's like the commercial with the guy with the fishing rod — you're not quick enough to get the dollar at the end."
Opponents are well aware of this, but it's often too tempting to resist going for the steal, no matter how many times they see Harden get the and-1 against reaching defenders.
"Anytime you scout James Harden — as well as Lou Williams — the whole talk is about showing your hands, Almost putting your hands back.
Then the problem is, how do you guard him then?"
Midfielder Luka Modric, playing for Real Madrid, opened a new chapter in Ballon d'Or (Golden Ball) history as he became the first Croatian to claim the award on Monday.
It was the latest recognition for his achievement and contribution throughout the year, following the UEFA Men's Player of the Year Award and the Best FIFA Men's Player.
Modric ended the past decade dominated by Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi for the Ballon d'Or, as the two superstars claimed it five times apiece.
The Croatian also had terminated Ronaldo and Messi's 10-year duopoly in the FIFA award in September.
Modric spearheaded Croatia into the World Cup final for the first time in history in Russia, winning the tournament's Golden Ball himself.
On the club side, the playmaker won the third straight UEFA Champions League title with Real Madrid.
"As a kid we all have dreams.
My dream was to play for a big club and win important trophies," the 33-year-old Modric said.
"The Ballon d'Or was more than just a dream for me and it is really an honor and a privilege to hold this trophy."
Below is what Derrick Rose said about being the sixth man of the year.
"I would like winning the sixth man of the year.
I don't think that's anything bad to say or a bad goal with me coming off the bench.
I want to be the best bench player.
It's just how I feel.
If anything I think it'd help the team."
Rose is a strong contender for the award.
He can win it if he remains healthy throughout the season.
His 50 point career-high performance was a treat to watch and proved that there is a lot left in Derrick Rose to prove to the world.
Derrick Rose is averaging 19.3 points and 4.4 assists per game, coming off the bench for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
He is shooting 50.5 % from the field and 49.4 % from the three-point line.
Rose has made 38 three-pointers this season, and his three-point percentage is more than that of the players like Stephen Curry, Kyrie Irving, Kyle Korver, Danny Green, James Harden, Kemba Walker, Chris Paul, Damian Lillard.
He has changed his game a lot, with scoring more by shooting the ball rather than explosive drives which he used to make back in the MVP days.
Derrick Rose is an example of hard work and dedication.
After suffering from numerous injuries and a lot of setbacks in his career, he never gave up.
He might not be as fast and as athletic as he was back in 2012, but he is an entirely different player now.
Almost 250 runners in a half marathon were caught cheating when traffic cameras captured them taking shortcuts through bushes.
Organisers of the race in Shenzhen, China, also discovered 18 runners wearing fake bibs and three runners they described as "imposters".
All who cheated are now facing bans.
"Marathon running is not simply exercise, it is a metaphor for life, and every runner is responsible for him or herself," organisers said.
Footage captured by Shenzhen police traffic cameras showed runners cutting through bushes to an adjacent carriageway, instead of continuing along the road and making a U-turn.
Organisers said the 237 people caught cheating would have run two or three kilometres less than the full 21-kilometre (13.1-mile) distance.
News of the cheating led to the People's Daily newspaper -- one of China's biggest publications -- to urge runners to "respect the marathon and respect sporting spirit" in an editorial.
Milwaukee Bucks star Giannis Antetokounmpo might already have a nickname, but as Shaquille O'Neal has already shown, you can never have too many.In fact, O'Neal is ready to relinquish one of his favorites — "Superman" — and gi ve it up "with honor and pleasure" to the "Greek Freak.
"I've never given my name up before, but I'm giving it to him.
He's the new Superman.
You heard it here first," O'Neal told The Stephen A. Smith Show on ESPN Radio on Thursday.
"I didn't hit no 3-pointer either, but he's dominating and that's what I like.
He's dominating in the paint.
You taking it to the hole.
You throwing it down.
You ain't shooting no flip shots.
"And you know what?
I don't want to encourage big guys to shoot jumpers and 3-pointers.
Stay your big ass on the inside and dominate like you been doing.
So I denounce myself as Superman and I'm giving to the 'Greek Freak.'
You heard it here first."
Antetokounmpo, 6-foot-11, in his sixth season, is averaging 27.3 points, 12.9 rebounds and 1.3 blocks per game for the Bucks, who lead the Central Division and are only three games behind the Toronto Raptors for the top spot in the Eastern Conference.
He might be shooting only 11.8 percent from 3-point range, but the two-time All-Star selection leads the NBA with 97 dunks and is shooting 65 percent inside the arc (57.7 percent from the field overall).
He finished sixth in the MVP voting last season, but O'Neal said it's just a matter of time before he rises to the top."The Greek Freak is the MVP right now," O'Neal said.
"How about that?"
O'Neal has long refused to acknowledge Dwight Howard's use of the Superman moniker, reminding the now-Washington Wizards center multiple times over the years that there was only room for one Superman in the league.
It's hard to ignore the elephant in the room.
For Portland Blazers , it's the unibrow that haunts their dreams.
The embarrassing sweep suffered at the hands of the New Orleans Pelicans in the first round of last season's playoffs still hangs over the Blazers.
No matter how well they do in the regular season, the question of "can they do it in the playoffs?" will always be there to undercut them.
It was certainly in the air after the Bucks chewed them up in a 43-point win on Wednesday (which, to be fair, was the second game of a New York–Milwaukee back-to-back and the fifth of six straight games on the road.)
"We are better than all the teams everyone was hyping," Turner said.To encapsulate the spirit of the Blazers this season, it's that they're not cursing each other out or challenging the front office at practice.
They are simply going about their business and thriving.
Stotts, the Blazers' coach the past seven seasons, is hesitant to chalk up all of this season's early success to continuity alone, citing Lillard's and McCollum's consistent improvement plus the rotating cast of contributors as reasons for their early success.
"Dame and CJ have been Dame and CJ, but already we're getting contributions from different guys offensively that have helped us win games," Stotts said.
Portland has also continued the defensive improvement that surprised everyone last season.
Back in 2016-17, they were one of the 10 worst defensive teams in the league.
Now they have a shot at a second straight season with a top-10 defensive unit.
For now, Portland's players seem to think they are already in good position to keep rolling as the season wears on—and that this time, they'll be ready to peak come playoff time.
Aminu agrees that they don't need to make a splash, they're just really consistent.
He thinks there are some teams where it's not as good as we have it here.
Hawks wingman Vince Carter became the 22nd player in NBA history to score 25,000 points, reaching the milestone Wednesday night in Atlanta's 124-108 loss to the Toronto Raptors.
"It was a great moment for me," said Carter, who at 41 is playing in his 21st season.
"Being around this long, you just want to play and accomplish as many things as you can.
But 25K is 25K."