Part One		sample2-en-sample2-zh
Global Financial Crisis Promotes World Order Change and International Strategy Adjustment	第一部分: 全球金融危机加剧世界格局变化和国际战略调整	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The world is undergoing profound changes.	世界正在经历深刻的变革。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
While the financial crisis in the 1930s changed the world order in the 20th century, the global financial crisis triggered in 2008 by the U.S. subprime loan problem sent the world economy into recession and will likely change the world order in the 21st century.	上世纪三十年代的金融危机改变了二十世纪的格局；2008年美国次债问题引发的全球金融危机，至今仍然使世界经济处于衰退之中，有可能改变二十一世纪的世界格局。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In this situation, it is vitally important to China’s sustainable development in the 21st century that the country clearly sees the direction of the change of the world order and seizes the opportunity to overcome difficulties and make scientific arrangements.	看清世界格局变化的方向，把握机遇，克服困难，科学布局，对中国21世纪的可持续发展极为重要。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. 21st Century Features Globalization and Multi-Polarization	1、21世纪是全球化与多极化的世纪	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Economic globalization is a “double-edged” sword.	经济全球化是一把“双刃剑”。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
While it has strengthened the link and dependence between different countries, it has also had serious impacts on national sovereignty and on the national industry in developing countries.	在加速世界互相联系和互相依赖的同时，也给各国带来一些社会经济问题，对国家主权和发展中国家的民族工业造成严重冲击。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the course of growing conflicts between the new concepts, new technologies and new products on the one hand and the traditional concepts, national ideologies and group interests on the other, economic globalization can force a country to advance or deprive it of a foundation for development.	在新观念、新技术、新产品与传统思想、本土意识和团体利益日益冲击的过程中，经济全球化可能使一个国家产生前进的动力，也可能使其失去发展的基础和特色。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Economic globalization is a historical process.	经济全球化是个历史的进程。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Due to different historical conditions and development environments, different countries and regions cannot have the same speed in globalization. Different countries, nations and economic groups can both cooperate with each other and have conflicts of interest between them.	由于历史条件和发展环境不同，各国各地区全球化的步伐不可能一样，国与国之间、民族与民族之间、经济集团之间既有交融，也存在着利益冲突。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On the one hand, the international community may gradually converge on same standards in economic, environmental and public health sectors. On the other, regional issues tend to become global ones and the international community places greater emphasis on the tapping of geopolitical and geo-economic advantages. Furthermore, all countries and nations continue to emphasize their unique local cultures.	交融和冲突的结果：一方面，在经济、环保和公共卫生领域，国际社会可能逐渐趋向同一标准；另一方面，使得原本局部性问题很容易变成全球性问题，国际社会更加重视发挥地缘政治优势、地缘经济优势；再一方面，各国、各民族继续强调各具特色的当地文化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Multi-polarized politics and diversified cultures make the world more colorful: Western brands versus oriental products, scientific thoughts versus religious cultures, materialist philosophy versus idealist history, and realistic literature versus romantic art.	多极化的政治和多元化的文化使世界五彩缤纷；西方的品牌，东方的产品；科学的思想，宗教的文化；唯物主义哲学，唯心主义史观；现实主义文学，浪漫主义艺术。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Things exist in comparison and develop in competition.	事物在比较中存在、在竞争中发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Economic globalization has expedited the internationalization of production and consumption.	经济全球化加快生产和消费的世界性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The extensive use of the Internet technology has led humanity to a more open world.	互联网技术的广泛应用，把人类引领到一个更加开放的世界。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The globe is experiencing a revolution in energy technology and biological technology.	全球正在经历能源技术和生物技术革命。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Despite economic downturn over the past two years, global investment in developing wind power, solar energy and other renewable energies has been relatively stable, totaling 110 billion dollars yearly on average.	近两年，尽管经济下滑，但全球风力、太阳能等可再生能源投资相对稳定，年均达到1100亿美元。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
All countries and regions are doing all they can to develop energy-saving technologies, new-energy technologies, biological technologies and new material technologies. This is bound to lead to greater economic and social changes in the world.	各个国家和地区大力开发节能/新能源技术、生物技术和新材料技术，必将促进国际经济社会发生更大的变化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The global economic recession arising from the U.S. financial crisis has further exposed the deeper contradictions in economic globalization and international financial order, and further promoted world changes.	美国金融危机引发全球经济衰退，进一步暴露了经济全球化和国际金融秩序深层次的矛盾，进一步促进世界变革。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The coexistence between one superpower and diverse forces is likely to become a basic pattern before a multi-polarized world order is formed.	一个超级大国和多种力量并存，有可能成为多极化格局形成前的基本态势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The multi-polarization of the world order is a requirement of the times, and serves the interests of the people in all countries.	国际格局走向多极化是时代进步的要求，符合各国人民的利益。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It brings all forces in the world into a situation, where they rely on each other and contain each other. This situation can help contain hegemony and power politics, establish a just and rational new international political and economic order, realize the beautiful pursuit of all people for a new peaceful, stable and prosperous world, and help developing countries to seize opportunities and develop themselves.	多极化格局的趋势使世界各种力量逐渐形成既相互借重又相互制衡的关系，有利于遏制霸权主义和强权政治，有利于推动建立公正合理的国际政治经济新秩序，有利于实现各国人民对和平、稳定、繁荣新世界的美好追求，也有利于广大发展中国家抓住机遇、发展自己。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
World multi-polarization is a long, tortuous and complex process, in which the contradiction between uni-polarization and multi-polarization, the struggle between hegemony and the fight against hegemony, the competition in cooperation, and the cooperation in competition will exist for a long time.	世界多极化是一个漫长、曲折、复杂的过程。 在这个过程中，单极与多极的矛盾，称霸与反霸的斗争，合作中的竞争与竞争中的合作，将长期存在。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Economic, technological and military strength is a fundamental prerequisite for a country or region to become a pole of the world. It is the inherent support for a country or region to strive for world strategic initiative in the 21st century.	强大的经济技术与军事力量是一个国家或一个地区能否成为世界一极的根本条件，是争夺21世纪国际战略主动权的内在支撑。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Whether the multi-polarization of the world order can become a reality depends, in the final analysis, on whether all major economic powers can develop fast and on whether developing countries can realize leapfrog development.	世界格局多极化能否最终成为现实，归根到底取决于世界各大力量的经济能否迅速发展，取决于发展中国家能否实现跨越式发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In order to address the global financial crisis and the environmental change and other challenges facing humanity, all countries hope that new world outlooks on development will appear to steer the advance of human civilization and that unilateralism will be overcome, development be diversified and national rejuvenation and development be realized.	应对全球金融危机和人类共同面临的诸如环境变化等挑战，世界各国迫切期待有新的世界发展观来引导人类文明进程，希望能够通过改变单边主义思潮，追求多元化发展，实现民族复兴和发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. 21st Century Features Innovation, Competition and Democracy	2、21世纪是创新、竞争、民主的世纪	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Innovation, competition and democracy will be the central themes of the 21st century, which will be a century of innovation, a century of competition and a century of democracy.	创新、竞争、民主构成21世纪的主旋律。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Innovation, competition and democracy will be the forces to drive development in the 21st century.	21世纪是创新的世纪，是竞争的世纪，是民主的世纪。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
There will be no development without innovation, no cooperation without competition, and no progress without democracy.	创新、竞争、民主是21世纪的发展动力；没有创新就没有发展，没有竞争就没有合作，没有民主就没有进步。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
He who makes major breakthroughs in innovation will have the initiative in competition and development in the 21st century; he who occupies the highland in competition can become the economic center in the 21st century; and he who truly taps the roles of democracy will be able to mobilize countless innovative forces and make greater contributions to the building of a harmonious, healthy, fair and just society.	谁在创新中有重大突破，谁就可能在21世纪的竞争和发展中占据主导权；谁在竞争中占据制高点，谁就可能成为二十一世纪的经济中心；谁能真正发挥民主的作用，谁就可能调动无数的创新力量，为建设和谐、健康、公平、正义的社会做出更大的贡献。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The innovation in the 21st century calls for the innovation of ideas, the innovation of systems and the innovation of technologies that represent the higher levels of civilization.	21世纪的创新呼唤具有更高文明水准的思想创新、制度创新和技术创新。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Innovation is an inherent force to continuously drive social development forward and to advance social productive forces from the industrial revolution to the information revolution.	创新是社会发展不断取得前进的内在动力，从工业革命到信息革命，推动社会生产力向前发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The financial crisis calls for a review of financial innovations and a reform of the existing systems, both the international monetary and financial systems and the regulatory systems in various countries.	金融危机促进对金融创新进行总结，对现行制度提出变革要求，这既包括国际货币金融体系改革，也包括各国监管制度改革。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Innovation in developing countries is too little, instead of being too much.	发展中国家不是创新多了，而是创新不够。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The competition in the 21st century is competition against the backdrop of deeper economic globalization and competition in pursuit of cooperation, development and win-win result.	21世纪的竞争是经济全球化进一步深化条件下的竞争，是追求合作、发展、双赢的竞争。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Competition embodies the “survival of the fittest” law on social development, and has even higher demands for cooperating partners. Accordingly, developing countries will face more difficulties and challenges.	竞争体现“适者生存”社会发展规律，竞争对合作伙伴提出更高要求，发展中国家面临更多困难和挑战。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The democracy in the 21st century is democracy in pursuit of healthy, harmonious and sustainable development, and also democracy with which developing countries strives for independent development and role playing.	21世纪的民主是追求健康、和谐、可持续发展的民主，是发展中国家争取自主发展和发挥作用的民主。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Democracy is both a tool and even an endogenous demand of human civilization and progress.	民主既是一种手段，民主更是人类文明进步的一种内生要求。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
While emerging countries should boost their own strength, they should put forward their views and positions on the current world order and rules.	新兴崛起的国家，在自身实力增强的同时，会对当前的国际秩序和规则提出自己的看法和主张。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The democratic status of the latecomers is equally an important condition for their progress and development.	后起之秀的民主地位，同样是推动进步、实现发展的重要条件。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Without innovation, competition and democracy, the Chinese economy will allow bad money to drive away good money, fail to retain talents, and lose its true competitiveness.	中国经济，如果没有创新、没有竞争、没有民主，安分止争，就可能劣币驱逐良币，留不住人才，失去真正的竞争力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
3. 21st Century Features Rise of New Nationalism	3、21世纪是新国家主义盛行的世纪	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On surface, the economic competition between countries against the backdrop of modern globalization is a competition between enterprises or between markets. In fact, it remains and must be a centralized competition between countries.	在现代全球化背景下各国之间的经济竞争，表面上是企业之间的竞争、或市场竞争，实际上仍然是、也必然是集中性的国家之间的竞争。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Countries are the organizers and promoters of institutionalized international competition.	国家是制度化国际竞争的组织者和推动者。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The international competition in the 21st century is both an economic competition and also a competition in overall national strength. Moreover, it is a political struggle, because national interests are a form of politics.	21世纪国际竞争既是经济竞争和综合国力的竞争，更是政治斗争。 因为国家利益就是一种政治。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Currently, new nationalism is rising in the world. This nationalism is more popular and prominent among the younger generation.	当今世界有一种新国家主义思潮和情绪正在滋长，这种思潮和情绪特别是在年青一代显得更有基础，表现的更为突出。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The political pressure arising from new nationalism on the internal and external policies of a country or region should not be neglected. It will have major impacts on the world community in the 21st century.	新国家主义对一个国家和地区的“内政外交”所造成的政治压力不可小视，对21世纪国际社会形势将产生重要影响。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Although new nationalism is in reflection, anxiety and resentment, it has a new height and a new vision in the sense of national recognition.	新国家主义在反思、忧虑和愤懑中，对国家的认同感有新的高度和新的视野。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
While free trade agreement has become more possible within regions and between countries and can help shorten the distance between countries and improve their relations, it will not weaken the pursuit for state and national interests.	虽然区域内以及国与国之间自由贸易协定的可能性越来越大，可以拉近国与国之间距离，改善国与国之间关系，但不会减弱对国家和民族利益的谋求。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
New nationalism is characterized as “remembering national concerns despite humble status”. It is expressed in spontaneous action politics. It tends to make radical reactions to the gains and losses of national interests, rejoicing at the slightest national gain and saddening at the slightest national loss.	新国家主义含育一种“位卑不敢忘国忧”的品质，表现出一种自发自动的行动政治，容易为当下本国利益的得失表现出比较激烈的反应，为本国的一点进步而欣喜，为本国的一点失利而忧伤。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
When the citizens of a country, especially youth, discover that their own destiny inter-grows with that of their country, they tend to make action-based reactions.	一个国家的国民，特别是年青人发现自己的命运与国家的命运是共生共存时，往往会有行动式的反应。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
New nationalists take pride in their own countries and nations, emphasize the greatness of their countries and the outstanding of their nations, and have a strong sentiment towards their countries and nations. They hope from the bottom of their heart that their countries can have a firm foothold in the world, being free from foreign control, enjoying peace and prosperity, and standing out among advanced nations.	新国家主义源于对自己国家和民族的自豪，比较强调自己国家的伟大和民族的优秀，有一种比较强的国度和民族的情怀和概念，从心底希望自己的国家能够在世界上站稳脚跟，不受人所制，希望本国国泰民安，屹立于民族先进之林。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
New nationalists are the main force on the Internet. They rely on the Internet to acquire the latest information and issue all sorts of mobilization orders.	新国家主义是网络的主力军，他们从网络上获得各种最新的信息，发布各种动员令。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The Internet provides an advanced channel for new nationalism to spread and a stage for new nationalism to show its strength.	网络为新国家主义广泛传播提供了先进的渠道，为新国家主义搭建展示力量的舞台。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the cyberspace, new nationalism is growing rapidly in all parts of the world in the course of economic globalization.	在网络天地间，在经济全球化中，新国家主义加快在世界各地滋长。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We may say the electoral victory of U.S. President Barack Obama was a victory of the main forces in cyberspace; the Russian youth who grew up along with the growth of the Internet and the Hip Hop Songs constituted the firm shield for Vladimir Putin’s tough foreign policy; the Chinese youth born in the 1980s were a lucky outcome of the times, carried a distinct mark of the times and grew up closely along with China’s reform and opening up, China’s economic takeoff, and the interaction between China’s modern civilization and world civilizations.	可以说，奥巴马胜选是网络主力军的胜选；伴随着互联网以及嘻哈歌曲成长起来的俄罗斯青年是普京对外强硬的坚强力量；中国"80后"是时代的幸运产物，具有比较鲜明的时代特征，他们的成长紧紧伴随着中国的改革开放、中国的经济腾飞、中国现代文明与世界文明的交融以及进步。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The siege of Carrefour Supermarket staged by Chinese youth in the spring of 2008 after the Olympic torch relay was obstructed in France was a full reflection of the spirit of the modern Chinese.	中国青年学子在2008年春对奥运火炬在法国受阻后自发围堵家乐福，是充满魄力的现代中国人的精神。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Modern youth are much stronger than old generations in terms of patriotism and national cohesion. They have no historical burden but have the courage to do what they want.	当今青年，在爱国问题上，在民族凝聚力上，比老几代人都要强，他们没有历史的负担，有一种说干就干的魄力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
If this force is properly guided and utilized, it will be the hope of a country.	这股力量引导和利用的好，将是国家的希望。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
But if it is not properly considered and handled, the growing self-confidence of new nationalism may harbor a radical nationalist tendency.	但是，如果考虑和处理不当，新国家主义在自信心不断增长的背后，可能存在着民族主义的过激趋向。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Unlike the positive social changes desired by youth, this type of radical actions is more of a nihilist nature and a form of hatred and anger against social reality, which makes the world anxious and fearful.	这种过激的行动与年轻人希望社会发生积极变化不同，更多的是一种虚无主义和对社会现状的仇视愤怒。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, the London Turbulence on August 9, 2011 was mainly staged by youth.	这种仇视愤怒让世界惴惴不安。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Some of the participants wore the brand-name sportswear they looted and vowed to get back every penny taken away from them. This type of actions suggests they are a perplexed generation and also a worrisome one.	如2011年8月9日伦敦骚乱，主角大多数是青年人，其中一些青年人穿着抢来的名牌运动衫，喊着“把每便士的价值都夺回来”，这种行为让人感到这是迷茫的一代，不能不让人担忧。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, unofficial forces and emotional burning points may foster social turmoil and disputes in the 21st century.	因此，民间的力量、情绪的燃点，有可能助长21世纪社会动荡和争端。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This we must take into account when we consider the development strategies for this century.	我们在思考21世纪发展战略时，必须考虑到这点。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
4. 21st Century Remains American Century	4、21世纪仍然是美国的世纪	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Under the impacts of the global financial crisis, the world order has show more visible changes. While the United States begin to feel some pressure and challenges, the world also has many expectations and predictions.	在全球金融危机的影响下，世界格局变化趋势进一步显现，美国感觉到了一些压力和挑战，国际上也有很多期待和说法。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
But the 21st century will remain a century of the United States.	但是，可以说21世纪仍然是美国的世纪。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This is not only because the United States will continue to be the number one country in the world for a long time to come, and continue to be a country with the greatest innovation capacity, the greatest consumption-driving force and the influence of monetary sovereignty. Every action taken by the U.S. government will have major impacts on the world order.	这不仅是因为美国在很长一段时间仍然将是世界头号大国，是最具创新能力、最具全球消费动力和货币主权影响力的国家，美国政府的一举一动都会对世界格局发挥重要影响。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Besides, the policy and strategy-formulating mechanism of the United States is quite elastic and energetic and can make timely adjustments in light of the changes of the world situation and the requirements of development.	而且，美国的政策和战略制定机制有较大的弹性和生命力，能够及时根据形势的变化和发展要求做相应的调整。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In addressing the global financial crisis and the new world situation, the number one country in the world has accelerated the adjustment of its international strategy.	应对全球金融危机和国际新形势，世界头号大国加快了国际战略调整。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The U.S. administration headed by President Obama coincided with the most volatile age of the global economy since the Great Depression in the 1930s.	美国新总统奥巴马上台正赶上20世纪30年代大萧条以来全球经济最为动荡不安的时代。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Holding high the reform banner and emphasizing national interests, President Obama has demonstrated a ruling style with drive and sweep, a ruling concept of using both the carrot and the stick, and a ruling tactic with flexibility.	奥巴马总统高举改革旗帜,以国家为重，体现雷厉风行的施政作风、软硬兼施的执政理念和灵活机动的施政手段。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Being determined to reform, pursuing coordination and making balanced consideration constitute the embryo of “Obamaism”, which contains many important strategic thinking and new measures.	锐意改革、追求协作、统筹兼顾，构成“奥巴马主义”雏形。 其中不乏有很多重要的战略思维和新的举措。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the economic field, Obama urged Congress to swiftly approve the 787-billion-dollar economic stimulus package, the largest ever in the U.S. history, which focused on energy conservation, environmental protection, infrastructures, education support, medical service and broadband networking. Universal tax credit was introduced to implement the Making Work Pay program, and the outdated industries would be resolutely eliminated, such as declaring Chrysler Motors bankrupt.	在经济方面，奥巴马促使国会迅速通过美国历史上规模最大的7870亿美元经济刺激方案，以节能环保、基础设施、教育配套、医疗服务和宽带网络为重点；通过全民退税等方式推行“劳有所得”（Making Work Pay）计划；对落后产业不姑息，予以坚决淘汰，如对克莱斯勒汽车实施破产等。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In mid-July 2010, President Obama signed the Financial Reform Act, which, along with the Medical Insurance Reform Act signed in early 2010, constituted the most important economic legislation since the 1930s.	美国奥巴马总统2010年7月中期签署金融改革法案，这项法案和2010年初签署的医疗保险制度改革法案一起，是美国自上世纪30年代以来最重要的经济法案。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The Financial Reform Act summarized the lessons of the global financial crisis in time, contained further legal regulation of financial derivatives and requested banks must establish independent subsidiaries to exclusively handle the business of financial derivatives. It expanded financial regulation to include hedge funds and private-placed funds. The Federal Reserve, the U.S. Treasury and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission set up a joint committee to oversee systematic financial risks. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau newly designed by the Federal Reserve is in charge of regulating the consumer businesses of credit card, housing mortgages and student loans.	金改法案及时总结全球金融危机的教训，从法律上进一步规范金融衍生性商品，要求银行必须分割独立的子公司专门处理金融衍生性商品业务；扩大金融监督管理，把避险基金和私募基金纳入监管范围；由联储会、财政部和证监委共同成立综合委员会，加强系统性金融风险监控；在联储会设计新的金融消费保护局，负责规范信用卡、房贷、助学贷款等消费业务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In light of the inaffordability and gross wastes associated with the medical insurance system since World War II, the Medical Insurance Act made legal reforms and adjustments to emphasize the government responsibility and obligation in basic medical security, restrict extreme charges and consumption, and provide necessary subsidies for small and medium-sized enterprises and individual operators to purchase basic medical insurance.	医保法案针对二战以来医疗保险制度存在的买不起、浪费严重等顽症，从法律上进行改革和调整，强调政府基本医疗保障的责任和义务，限制极端收费和消费，为中小企业和个体经营者购买基本医疗保险提供必要的补助。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
These measures can help reduce the waste of medical resources, increase the coverage of basic medical security, promote the mobility of wage earners and enhance the efficiency of government work.	这些措施有助于减少医疗资源浪费现象，提高基本医疗保障覆盖率，有利于工薪阶层人员流动，提高政府工作效率。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
However, the above two new acts are all of a basic nature and cannot produce immediate and direct effects on current unemployment and dwindling investment and productivity.	但是，上述两项新法案都是基础性的，对解决当下失业、投资和生产力减少不易立即产生直接明显效果。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Nevertheless, these reforms are generally regarded to have long-term historical significance. Like the financial reform and the reform of the social insurance system in the 1930s, these reforms will have major impacts on the sustainable and healthy development of the American economy.	不过，普遍认为这些改革具有长期的历史性意义，与上世纪30年代金融改革和社保体制改革一样，对美国经济可持续健康发展将产生重要影响。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the field of foreign affairs and national security, Obama declared that U.S. troops would be pulled out of Iraq within 18 months of his administration. He also made gestures to ease relations with Cuba, Iran and other “hostile” countries so as to build a new diplomatic image featuring multilateralism, cooperation and dialogue. It tried to improve relations with major powers, strengthen cooperation with China, Russia and other countries, emphasize the use of “smart power” in handling international relations, and show a “modest posture” unlike in the past.	在外交和国家安全领域，奥巴马宣布上任后18个月内从伊拉克撤出作战部队的计划；对古巴、伊朗等“敌国”作出缓和关系姿态，力图展示多边主义和合作对话的外交新形象；努力改善大国关系，寻求加强与中国、俄罗斯等国合作，强调运用“巧实力”处理国际关系，展现出不同以往的“谦虚姿态”。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In his speech at the West Point Military Academy in May 2010, President Obama further explained the country’s new national security strategy and made a major adjustment of the preemptive unilateralist international policy adopted by his predecessor George W. Bush. The new national security strategy seeks to establish, at the initiative of the United States, a new international order in the interests of the United States. He said the United States cannot act unilaterally in the world, emphasizing his preference forr diplomatic tools. Mainly through diplomatic tools, it will unite historical allies and new strategic partners including China, distinguish terror organizations from religious values, distinguish ideologies from national economic interests, crack down on violent extremisms and rebellions, stop nuclear proliferation and prevent hostile organizations from acquiring nuclear materials.	2010年5月，奥巴马总统在西点军校演说时进一步阐述美国新的国家安全战略，对前任乔治.W.布什的先发制人的单边主义国际政策做了较大的调整。 奥巴马新的国家安全战略谋求在美国的倡导下，建立符合美国利益的新的国际秩序，提出美国不能在世界上独断专行，强调外交手段优先，主要通过外交手段，联合历史盟友和包括中国在内的新的战略伙伴，把恐怖组织与宗教价值分开，把意识形态与国家经济利益分开，打击暴力极端主义和叛乱，制止核武器的扩散，制止敌视组织获取核材料。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The new policies of Obama indicate that in order to continue to play leadership roles in the 21st century, the United States has clearly sped up internal reforms and strategic adjustments.	奥巴马新政说明了美国为了继续在21世纪发挥主导作用，明显地加快了内部改革和战略调整。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
His reforms conform to the changes of the situation, have a fairly strong appeal and are of major significance to the further improvement of the country’s strategic thinking in the 21st century.	奥巴马的改革适应了形势的变化，有比较强的感召力，对进一步完善美国21世纪的战略思想有重要意义。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
But Obama’s reforms were mainly of a tactic nature, instead of a strategic one. In other words, the United States has not changed its strategic goal of dominating the world in the 21st century. It is the strongest country in the world today, and it will continue to be in the 21st century.	但是奥巴马的改革主要是战术上的改革，战略目标并没有根本的改变，也就是说：美国执21世纪之牛耳的战略目标没有改变，美国现在是世界的头号强国，21世纪仍然要做第一位。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
There is no visible change in the general principles. What has changed are tactics. The international tactics have become more tolerant and elastic, emphasizing the importance of alliance and common action. The internal tactics emphasized infrastructure, innovation and education.	美国总的方针没有明显变化，变化的是策略，在国际策略上变的更加宽容和富有弹性，强调联盟和共同行动的重要性，在国内提出基建超越、创新超越和教育超越。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The voluntary and timely adjustments and reforms by the United States reflected the elastic and strategic nature of the American economic policies and mechanisms and indicated that the U.S. systems and economy remain very dynamic.	美国主动适时地调整和改革，反映了美国经济政策机制的弹性和战略性， 说明美国的体制和经济还是有比较强的生命力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In particular, the innovation capacity of the United States is fairly dynamic in tools, technologies and concepts. This is a major source of continued American strength.	特别值得关注的是：美国的创新能力，从工具、技术到观念等各个方面都比较有活力，这是美国持续强大的重要源泉。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
American universities constitute a source to drive sustained social development, accounting for two-thirds of the world’s top 50 universities.	美国大学是社会持续发展的动力源泉，世界五十强学府中美国占有三分之二。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Population growth in the United States is fairly healthy.  Among developed economies, the United States is only country that can maintain the 2.1% aggregate fertility rate required to surpass simple population reproduction. Besides, the age structure of the population has been rational for a long time.	美国人口成长比较健康，在发达经济体内美国是唯一能保持总和生育率超过人口简单再生产所需要的2.1，并且国民年龄结构在较长时间内保持合理。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Each year, the country attracts about 1 million new immigrants, of whom many are talents with cutting edge and are effective labor force. This is something no other country in the world can achieve.	美国每年吸纳100万左右的新移民，其中有许多尖端人才和有生劳动力，这是其他国家实在难以望美国之项背。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, the United States will undoubtedly continue to be the strongest country in the world in the 21st century.	由此可见，美国在二十一世纪无疑还是最强大的国家。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
5. 21st Century Features Rebuilding of New Global Financial Order The recent global financial crisis has further exposed the inherent defects and potential systematic risks of the current international financial system.	5、21世纪是全球重建国际金融新秩序的世纪 最近的全球金融危机进一步反映了当前国际金融体系的内在缺陷和潜在的系统性风险。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
After the currency of a country becomes the pricing currency for primary products around the world, the currency for trade settlement and the currency for foreign reserve, economic globalization both benefits from the universally-accepted reserve currency and is affected by the defect of the system to issue this currency.	当一国货币成为全世界初级产品定价货币、贸易结算货币和储备货币后，经济全球化既受益于一种被普遍接受的储备货币，又为发行这种货币的制度缺陷所连累。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This systematic global financial risk does not vary simply because of the geography and boundaries of various countries.	这种制度性的全球金融风险不会因为我们各国地缘和边界不同而有所区别。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The speed, width and depth of this crisis indicate that the systems of various regions and regions are closely linked with each other.	这次危机所展示的速度、广度和深度都表明，各国和各地区的体系紧密相连。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a member of the global community, the link and dependence between different countries and regions have become ever closer. So they must strengthen intergovernmental cooperation and deepen cooperation at different levels and between different interests.	作为全球大家庭的成员，各国和各地区之间的联系度和依存度比以往任何时候都明显，各国和各地区不仅要加强政府之间的合作，还必须深化各个层面、各种利益之间的合作。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Currently, seeking the change of international organizations is an indispensable step.	当前，谋求国际组织的变革是必要的。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
First of all, the global political summit mechanism should introduce new participants, expanding from the former G8 group to the current G20 summit with China, Brazil, India and other developing countries becoming important members.	首先，全球政治峰会磋商引入新的参与者，从原有的“八国集团”扩展到G20峰会，中国、巴西、印度等发展中国家成为重要成员。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Next, in order to prevent crisis, all countries while injecting liquidity should commit themselves to the expansion of the International Monetary Fund and increase the voting rights of developing countries and especially China.	其次，从危机预防角度，各国均在注入流动性的同时，承诺扩大国际货币基金规模，增加发展中国家、尤其是中国的投票权。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, the IMF, the World Bank and other international organizations should reform their management systems so as to cope with the new situation of globalization and multi-polarization.	第三，IMF、世界银行等国际组织的管理制度改革提上议事日程，以适应全球化和多极化的新形势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In order to address global complex risks and their challenges, the international community should establish a new international order above national sovereignty and existing systems.	应对全球错综复杂的风险及其挑战，要求国际社会建立一种超越国家和现有体制的国际新秩序。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The leadership in formulating the programs and rules of the new international order has become the focal point of competition between major powers.	国际新秩序规划和规则的制定主导权是大国竞争的焦点。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The process of abolishing the old rules and establishing the new ones is full of the games of interest and the contest between major powers, and naturally has conflicts and friction.	在旧规则的废止、新规则的建立过程中，充满利益的博弈和大国的较量，冲突摩擦不可避免。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
What the new international financial order needs is an integrated and long-term strategy instead of frequently-changing reforms.	国际金融新秩序需要的不是频繁变动的改革，而是一种综合和长期的战略。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This strategy is designed to ensure the sustained, healthy and coordinated development of the global economy and emphasizes the use of wisdom and problem solution, rather than capricious political contentions.	这种战略是以全球经济持续健康协调发展为目标，以知识和解决问题的办法为导向，而不应该受制于变化无常的政治纷争。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The adjustment of the new international order should be progressive, with the main expression being the continued existence of American leadership.	国际新秩序的调整是渐进式的，主要表现为美国的主导地位仍然存在。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The new international order should have a panoramic blueprint for global cooperation, provide a brand new thinking for global cooperation systems and mechanisms, publicize and enhance the awareness of working together to deal with global systematic risks, and elevate the levels of existing international cooperation and global governance so that the whole world can more effectively address the challenges in the 21st century.	国际新秩序应该勾勒出全球合作的全景蓝图，为全球合作的体系、制度和机制提供一种全新思路，宣传和提高共同应对全球系统性风险的意识，提升当前国际合作和全球治理的层次，让整个世界更有效地应对21世纪的挑战。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The new international order should be creative in many aspects. It is an overall and globally integrated way for cooperation, which can reflect different views and different demands and embody inclusive and interregional multilateral cooperation. It should be a cross-disciplinary development strategy and solution, which can reflect the inherent links of global risks and challenges and is highly forward-looking. It should be a sustained action for generations, which can fully realize the decisions now made will have far-reaching significance to future generations. It is a method for coordination and consultation, which can use the latest communications technology and media tools to allow all members to participate and speak freely in an interactive way.	国际新秩序在许多方面是开创性的：是一种综合的和全球一体化的合作途径，能够反映各方面的观点和不同的需求，体现包容性和跨区域的多边合作；是一种跨学科的发展战略和解决问题的途径，能够反映全球风险和挑战的内在联系性，并具有高度的前瞻性；是一种几代人必须持续的行动，能够充分认识到当前作出的决定对子孙后代有深远意义和影响；是一种可协作和协商的办法，能够采用最新的通讯技术和媒体工具，让广大成员以互动方式参与其中并畅所欲言。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The design of the new international order should aim to seek support for the improvement of global governance so that world leaders can participate and consult with each other, all countries can mobilize their cross-disciplinary information networks to address global challenges and the international community can use global risks evaluation and analysis and their interregional and inter-industrial platforms for dialogues and actions.	国际新秩序设计的目标是寻求对全球治理改善的支持，世界领导人能够多方参与和磋商，各国能够通过调动其跨学科的信息网路应对全球性挑战，国际社会能够运用全球风险评估和分析，利用其跨区域和跨产业的平台，进行对话和行动。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a neutral and independent economic organization, the global agenda council of the World Economic Forum boasts of the most authoritative and most intelligent talents and aims to improve the state of the world. Therefore, it should make contributions to the design and implementation of the new international order.	世界经济论坛全球议程理事会作为一个中立和独立的经济组织，集中了全球最权威最有智慧的人才，以追求改善世界状况为使命，应该为国际新秩序的设计和实施作出应有的贡献。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the 21st century, the status of various countries may encounter major changes.	21世纪，世界各国的地位可能发生比较大的变动。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China has all opportunities to rise in peace and development. This will not be a spectacular piece of news, because China has all along been among advanced countries except in the past couple of centuries.	中国完全有机会在和平发展中崛起，这不应该成为什么特大的新闻，因为除了近代一两百年，中国一直是在先进国家之林。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It should be something only too natural that a major country like China surpasses Britain, Germany, Japan and even the United States in GDP.	中国这么一个大国，在GDP等数据上超过英国、德国、日本、甚至超过美国，应该是件自然的事。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
But China must realize that even if its GDP surpasses Japan and the United States tomorrow, it still lags behind developed countries in the quality and soft strength of its economy, enterprises and society. China’s per capita GDP will remain very low, and the country as a whole will remain in the initial stage of socialist market economy and still has a lot to learn from developed countries in the rule of law, creation, invention, environmental protection and the improvement of civic qualifications.	但是，中国必须清楚地认识到，即便明天经济总量超过了日本和美国，中国的经济、企业以及社会在质量和软件方面还远远落后于发达国家，中国的人均水平仍然很低，仍然处于社会主义市场的初级阶段，中国在遵纪守法、创造发明、保护环境、提高国民素质等方面要向发达国家学习的东西还很多。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Besides, while developed countries will be surpassed by China in terms of GDP, this does not necessarily means these countries will inevitably “sink”. They will remain strong in many aspects and are highly likely to continue to lead the world for a century to come.	而且，发达国家虽然总量上会逐渐被中国赶超，但这并不意味着这些发达国家必然“沉没”，他们自有许多长处，今后一百年在很多方面仍然可能领先于世界。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China needs to fully seize the opportunities arising from the change of the international order and integrate ideological culture, strategic planning, system change, policy making and micro execution so as to enhance the country’s capacity for competition and development.	中国需要充分把握国际格局变革机遇，将思想文化、战略谋划、体制变革、政策制定与微观执行有机结合，提升中国的竞争发展能力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Part Two Goals, Tasks and Models of China’s Financial Development	第二部分:中国金融发展目标、任务和模式	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Finance is the core of modern economy.	金融是现代经济的核心。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
A country without developed and advanced finance cannot become a truly strong power. In the international economic system, a country without financial say cannot claim to be a major power in the real sense.	一个国家没有发达和先进的金融，就不可能成为真正的强国；在国际经济体系，一个国家没有金融话语权，就不可能是真正意义上的大国。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In major international economic and financial changes, China needs to further define the goals, tasks and measures of its financial development in light of its economic and social stability and its long and medium-term development strategies.	在国际经济金融大变革之中，中国需要从国家经济社会稳定和中长期发展战略布局上进一步明确中国金融发展的目标、任务和措施。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. Strategic Goals of China’s Financial Development	1、中国金融发展战略目标	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China should establish an advanced, developed and secure financial system to support its modernization drive and to become a moderately developed country in this century.	建立先进、发达、安全的金融体系，支持中国实现现代化，在本世纪达到中等发达国家水平。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In conjunction with the national economic development strategy, China’s financial development should also proceed in three stages. In the next two decades, China should establish a fairly sound modern financial corporate system and a preliminarily developed financial market and realize preliminary financial socialization. In the next four decades, China should establish a fairly developed market credit system and realize a fairly high level of financial socialization so that China’s share in the international financial market will be visibly higher.	与国家经济发展战略相配套，金融发展也分三个阶段：今后二十年，建立比较健全的现代金融企业制度，建立初步发达的金融市场，初步实现金融社会化；今后四十年，建立比较发达的市场信用体系和体制，实现较高水平的金融社会化，中国在国际金融市场的份额得到明显提高。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the third stage, China should truly become a major financial power and a strong financial power by the end of the century so that China will have fairly large influence on the international financial market and the Chinese currency will have a fairly large liquidity and become an important component of the world monetary system.	第三个阶段，到本世纪末，真正成为金融强国和金融大国，中国在国际金融市场有较大影响力，中国货币有较大流动性，成为世界货币的重要组成部分。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. Main Current Tasks of China’s Financial Development	2、中国金融当前主要任务	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The first task is to support the building of the domestic market.		sample2-en-sample2-zh
It should provide financing support for growth assurance, domestic demand expansion, structural adjustment, upgrading, and employment promotion. It should provide financing support for the building of innovation systems and the boosting of the country’s innovation capacity. It should provide financing support for the construction of infrastructures and the development of basic and strategic industries. It should provide financing support for the healthy development of urbanization. It should intensify support for county economies, livelihood undertakings and corporate overseas operations, and play important roles in adjusting industrial and regional economic structures, supporting the development of the west region and promoting the healthy and sustained development of the whole national economy. It should intensify the building of a modern financial system and the integration with the international financial market. It should boost the capacity of financial policies for overall adjustment and coordination.	一是支持国内市场建设：融资支持保增长，扩内需，调结构，上水平，促就业；融资支持创新体制建设，增强国家创新能力；融资支持基础设施建设、基础产业、战略产业发展；融资促进城镇化健康发展；加大对县域经济、民生事业和“走出去”的支持力度，为调整产业和区域经济结构，支持西部经济大开发，促进整个国民经济健康持续发展发挥重要作用；加强现代金融制度建设，加强与国际金融市场接轨；加强金融政策综合调整和协同能力建设。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The second task is to support Chinese enterprises to pursue overseas operations. It should provide financing support for Chinese enterprises to pursue overseas development strategies and international financial development strategies. It should provide financing support for the transnational allocation of resources by Chinese enterprises and for the strengthening of the joint development and integrated utilization of overseas resources. It should provide financing support for the development of international market so as to drive China’s economic growth. It should provide financial support for the cultivation of multinational companies so as to boost their international competitiveness.	二是支持“走出去”：融资支持和实施中国“走出去”发展战略和国际金融发展战略；融资支持中国企业跨国配置资源，加强境外资源开发合作与综合利用；融资支持开发国际市场，拉动中国经济增长；融资支持培育跨国公司，提升国际竞争力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
3. Models of China’s Financial Development	3、中国金融发展模式	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China’s financial development model should be a government-led financial marketization model.	中国金融发展模式应该是政府主导的金融市场化模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Government leadership is manifested in government planning, government regulation and government service, which is an indispensable important factor for the integration of resources and the proper handling of diverse relations in a mixed economy. It can also embody China’s unique strength in government organization.	政府主导体现在政府规划、政府监管和政府服务等方面，这对于整合资源、处理好混合经济中的各种关系，是不可或缺的重要因素，可以体现中国特有的政府组织优势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Market-based finance means that market tools are fully used for financial operations. This is also an indispensable important factor for the enhancement of financial efficiency and the aversion of market risks, and conforms to the requirement of financial activities.	金融市场化是指充分利用市场的手段开展金融活动，这对于提高金融效率、规避市场风险也是不可或缺的重要因素，符合金融活动规律的要求。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
At a time when global economy and finance become increasingly open, there are diverse models for financial development, including the European and American model, the East European model and the Japanese mode. And these models are also in the course of continuous adjustment and improvement.	在全球经济金融开放的背景下，金融发展不存在单一途径。 从全球金融发展历史看，有若干种金融发展模式，如欧美模式、东欧模式，还有日本模式等，而且，这些模式也是在不断调整和完善之中。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The formation of a financial development path is subject to the limitations of a country’s cultural and economic bases and the historical stage the country is in.	金融发展路径的形成受到一个国家文化、经济基础和所处历史阶段的限制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The European and American model featuring the natural evolution of market is not applicable to China. A simple “transplant” and imitation of this model will be harmful instead of being beneficial.	以市场自然演进为特质的欧美模式在中国并不具有适用性，简单“移植”和仿效欧美模式不仅无益反而有害。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In face of the current global financial crisis, the “market first” doctrine of the mainstream economics is actually being challenged.	面对当下全球金融危机，主流经济学中“市场至上”的论断实际受到挑战。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The government-led economic and financial development strategy (or the East Asian model) adopted by the East Asian countries of China, Japan and South Korea is gradually receiving the attention of the economic community.	以中国、日本、韩国为代表的东亚国家所实施的政府主导的经济金融发展战略(称为“东亚模式”)逐渐受到经济学界的重视。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
One major feature of the East Asian model is that the government exercises active intervention into the financial system and establishes policy-oriented financial institutions to implement the government’s financing intention.	东亚模式的一大特色就是政府对金融体系实施积极干预，并设立相应的政策性金融机构，贯彻政府的融资意图。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Since the beginning of reform and opening up, China has upheld a government-led market-based economic development model, which has effectively promoted fast economic growth.	中国改革开放以来，坚持政府主导下市场经济发展模式，有力地促进了经济高速增长。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the course of financial development, the government and its policy-oriented financial institutions act as the fosterer and promoter of market mechanisms when markets are undeveloped and when market mechanisms cannot fully meet the demand of financial resource allocation.	在金融发展过程中，政府及其政策性金融机构在市场不发达、市场机制不能完全满足金融资源配置需要的条件下担当市场机制的培育者和促进者。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Here, government and market are in a relationship of integrated combination and mutual complementation instead of a “one or the other” relationship.	在这里，政府和市场不是非此即彼的关系，而是有机组合和互相补充的关系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Under government leadership, China’s finance observes the rules of market economy and emphasizes rational layout, resource integration, priority breakthrough, phased implementation and financial ecological improvement so as to establish a Chinese-style modern financial system.	在政府主导下，中国金融遵循市场经济规律，坚持合理布局，整合资源，重点突破，分布实施，完善金融生态，建立有中国特色的现代金融体制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We may say that the “Chinese financial development model” is a major-power model in which government promotes market efficiency.	可以说，“中国金融发展模式”是政府增进市场效率的大国模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Facts prove that this model can both better avert the time cost arising from the natural evolution of market and overcome the effect of unacclimatization arising from reforms.	实践表明，这一模式既可以比较好地避免市场自然演进的时间成本，又可以克服改革可能带来的“水土不服”效应。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In a major mixed economy like China, an effective combination of government and market factors in the course of financial marketization is all the more important. A government-led financial marketization model is an effective model for China’s financial development.	在中国这样一个混合经济的大国，政府因素与市场因素在金融市场化改革过程中的有效组合显得尤为重要，政府主导的金融市场化模式是中国金融发展的有效模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China’s financial development model should be a government-led financial marketization model.	中国金融发展模式应该是政府主导的金融市场化模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Government leadership is manifested in government planning, government regulation and government service. This is an indispensable important factor for the integration of resources and the proper handling of all relations in a mixed economy. It can tap China’s unique strength in government organization.	政府主导体现在政府规划、政府监管和政府服务等方面，这对于整合资源、处理好混合经济中的各种关系，是不可或缺的重要因素，可以体现中国特有的政府组织优势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Financial marketization requires that market tools are fully used for financial activities. This is also an indispensable important factor for the enhancement of financial efficiency and the aversion of market risks. It conforms to the requirement of the law of financial activities.	金融市场化要求充分利用市场手段开展金融活动，这对于提高金融效率、规避市场风险也是不可或缺的重要因素，符合金融活动规律的要求。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The China Development Bank, which has actively explored Chinese-style development financial theory and practice, is a specific form of the government-led financial marketization model.	国家开发银行积极探索中国特色开发性金融理论与实践，是政府主导的金融市场化模式的具体形式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Taking national development goals as its own mission and through market operation, CDB has improved the strained operation of macro economy and removed the financing bottleneck to long and medium-term construction. It has vigorously support the development of national infrastructures, basic industries, strategic industries and society, actively participated in global economic governance and regional cooperation, promoted the leapfrog development of industrialization and urbanization, and expedited the process of modernization.	开行以国家发展目标为己任，通过市场运作，改善宏观经济紧运行状态，打通中长期建设融资瓶颈，大力支持国家基础设施、基础产业、战略产业和社会发展，积极参与全球经济治理和区域合作，推动工业化和城镇化跨越式发展，加快现代化进程。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Chapter V Development Trend and Dynamics in 21st Century	第五章、审视二十一世纪发展趋势和动力	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance upholds international strategic thinking and scientifically explores the basic direction and dynamics of sustainable development against the backdrop of economic globalization.	开发性金融坚持国际战略思维，基于经济全球化大背景，科学研判可持续发展的基本方向和动力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Today, there are two types of globalization in the world. One globalization, driven by American consumption, constitutes the consumption engine for global economic development. The other, driven by China’s urbanization, constitutes the urbanization engine for the rapid development of developing countries.	当今世界存在两个全球化：一是以美国消费为动力的全球化，形成全球经济发展的消费引擎；二是以中国城镇化为动力的全球化，形成发展中国家快速发展的城镇化引擎。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
After an examination of the unique features, trends and interactive relations of the two engines, we can come up with one important conclusion: China needs development finance in the 21st century, and development finance is important to accelerating the development of China’s urbanization and consumer economy.	研究这两个引擎的特点、趋势和互动关系，可以得到一个重要结论：中国21世纪需要开发性金融，开发性金融对加快中国城镇化和消费经济发展具有重要意义。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
I. Correctly Understand Consumption-Driven Globalization	一、正确认识消费为动力的全球化	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. Meaning of Consumption	1、消费的意义	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Consumption is the purpose of production. It is also a way people convert all sorts of products according to their aims.	消费是生产的目的，也是人们根据自己目的转化各种产品的方式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Without consumption, there will be no production. All production activities are designed to meet the demand of consumption.	没有消费，就没有生产；人们的一切生产活动都是为了满足消费。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Consumption is a basic demand of people, and also the lifeline of society.	消费是人们的一种基本需求，是社会的生命。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
A consumer society is surrounded by commodities, and features the mass consumption of commodities.	消费社会是一个被商品所包围，并以大规模消费商品为特征的社会。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This mass consumption of commodities not only changes the daily life of people, but also changes the social relations and lifestyle of people.	这种大规模的商品消费，不仅改变人们的日常生活，而且改变人们的社会关系和生活方式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With the advance in production technologies, consumption continues to enrich and enhance its contents and levels and the consumer society continues to advance to new stages.	随着生产技术的改进，消费的内容和水平不断丰富和提高，消费社会不断演进到新的阶段。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the early 20th century, a consumer credit revolution occurred in the United States, in which installment shopping became a universal lifestyle in society.	20世纪初，美国发生一场消费信贷革命，分期付款购物成为社会普遍的生活方式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a result of the drastically higher productivity and the increase of material products arising from the Industrial Revolution, consumer demand gradually replaced production capacity to become a major bottleneck to the growth of the American economy.	当时，伴随工业革命带来的生产效率大幅提高和物质产品激增，消费需求逐步取代生产能力成为制约美国经济增长的重要瓶颈。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In order to meet the demand of mass consumption, Americans developed consumer loan for installment shopping.	为了满足大众消费的需要，美国人开发了分期付款购物消费信贷方式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This consumer loan gave an immense boost to the building of a modern credit system, helped vast numbers of consumers to realize their consumer demand, brought a fundamental change to the wealth management model of American families, and enabled American citizens to buy expensive consumer durables.	这种方式巨大地推动现代信用体制建设，帮助广大消费者实现消费需求，使美国家庭的理财模式发生根本性变革，使美国公民能够购买昂贵的耐用消费品，使美国梦成为现实。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In short, it made the American dream come true. Accordingly, consumer loan became a powerful wave once it was recognized by society, and appeared before people as America’s most authoritative culture. Its impact and influence overwhelmed the social custom that churches, families and the state tried to control market worship for material desires.	因此，消费信贷方式一经社会认识，就成为一股波澜壮阔的潮流，以美国最权威的文化姿态出现在人们面前，它的势头和影响力压倒了教会、家庭以及国家控制市场物欲崇拜的社会惯例。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Consumer loan created mass consumers, making people happy to borrow money, good at borrowing money and having full confidence in the “beautiful loan”.	消费信贷创造了大众消费者，使人们乐于借钱，善于借钱，对“美妙的信贷”充满了信任。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Meanwhile, as loan repayment required work and restraint, consumer loan itself became a sort of control mechanism, which made borrowers respect strict repayment schedules and made loan repayment not so light-hearted.	同时，由于支付贷款需要工作和克制，消费信贷本身形成一种控制机制，使借款人受到严格的还款时间约束，使轻松付款并不那么轻松。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The reason why consumer loan could develop in a sustained and fast way was precisely because this consumer culture not only contained a fashionable concept of consumption but also preserved the traditional concepts of prudence, thrift and hard work.	消费信贷之所以能够持续快速发展，正是因为在消费文化中，不但有一种时尚的消费观念，而且保留了传统的谨慎、节省和勤劳。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In such a situation, this consumer culture was a specific lifestyle and also an attempt to realize the meaning of life from daily life, namely from the process of marketing, shopping, using and disposing of commodities.	消费文化在这种情况下，是一种特定生活方式，是试图从日常生活中，也就是从销售、购买、使用以及处置商品的过程中，获取人生的意义。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In this consumer culture, consumers believed they could discover the meaning of life in the course of consumption.	在消费文化中，消费者相信在消费中能够发现人生意义。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It was in the course of consumption, rather than production, that people felt they were most dynamic and humane.	正是在消费中，而不是在工作中，人们才感觉最具活力、最有人性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Accordingly, consumer culture became an important content of modern American culture.	消费文化也因此成为美国现代文化的重要内容。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Consumer loan created consumer society.	消费信贷创造了消费社会。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
History indicates that this consumer culture formed in capitalist countries became an engine for modern economy, which provided astonishing power for modern economy.	历史表明，在资本主义国家形成的这种消费文化，成为现代经济的发动机，为现代经济提供一种令人惊讶的活力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The personalized pursuit and overall development of mass consumption promoted the change of the mode of industrial production and the transition of American economic growth from being production-driven to consumption-driven.	大众消费个性追求和整体性发展促进工业生产方式改变，促使美国经济增长由生产驱动型向消费驱动型转变。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. Change and Development of “Consumption Engine”	2、“消费引擎”的变化和发展	sample2-en-sample2-zh
From the early 20th century to the early 21st century, the American economic growth driven by consumption lasted about one century.	从20世纪初到21世纪初，消费驱动型的美国经济增长经历了差不多一百年。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This was a century in which the seller’s market was replaced by the buyer’s market, a century in which the consumer society developed from Fordism to post-Fordism, a century in which the “production”-centered society was replaced by a “consumption”-centered society, and a century in which the overall rise of mass consumption was replaced by individualized development.	这一百年是卖方市场向买方市场转变的一百年，是消费社会从福特主义到后福特主义发展的一百年 ，是以“生产”为中心的社会向以“消费”为中心的社会转变的一百年，是大众消费整体性兴起到个性化发展的一百年。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
An analysis of the development and change of the century-long consumption-driven economy can help us further understand the unique features of the “consumption engine”.	分析这一百年消费驱动型经济的发展变化，有助于我们进一步认识“消费引擎”的特点。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the early stage of the “consumption engine” developed in the early 20th century, the mass consumption society had a close relationship with the mode of mass industrial production established by Henry Ford. Mass production dominated the economic life, consumer market was rather elementary and simple, consumption was rather mass-oriented, and market on the whole was a seller’s one.	在20世纪初的“消费引擎”发展初期，大众消费社会与福特建立的大规模工业生产方式有密切的联系，批量生产在经济生活中占主导地位，消费市场比较初级和简单，消费比较大众化，总体上属于卖方市场。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As enterprises introduced centralized management, workers were clearly divided into classes and commodities were produced according to uniform designs, most commodities were not distinctively targeted on specific markets.	由于企业实行的是集中管理，工人有比较鲜明的阶层成分，生产的商品有统一的流行式样，因而大多数商品在特定目标市场上没有多大区别，个性化不强，但是总是有新的商品不断问世，这使得消费在本质上是大众化的、统一的和规范的。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Individualization was weak, but new commodities always continued to appear. As a result, consumption was essentially mass-oriented, uniform and standard. Consumers had small room to choose, and market commodities generally reflected the interests of producers, instead of the demands of consumers. In general, corporate production guided consumption.	消费者的余地相对较少，市场上的商品反映的是生产商的利益，而非消费者的需求，总体来说是企业生产引导消费。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Consumption did not have a visible level of contribution to economy and society.	消费对经济社会的贡献度没有生产那么明显。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Thanks to the continuous innovation of technologies, products and markets, the nature of production and consumption underwent many changes.	随着技术、产品、市场不断创新，生产和消费的性质发生了许多变化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the early 21st century in particular, corporate production was growingly organized according to “flexible specialization”. In other words, production was organized in flexible forms, in which producers emphasized innovation and pursued individualized commodities so as to boost the life force of products and the capacity of enterprises.	特别是进入二十一世纪初期，企业生产日益根据“弹性的专业化”来组织，即生产的组织形式很灵活，生产厂家致力创新，追求个性化的商品，形成“专、精、特、新”，增强产品生命力，不断提高企业的能级。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Enterprises, which defined themselves as the engine of their times, not only defined the commercial models and concepts for production, marketing and the whole industry, but also widely used the network technology and advanced communications technology to arrange their production worldwide. Product exhibition, packing, promotion and after-sale service played growing roles, gave a strong boost to the development of the service industry, and turned the consumer market into a typical buyer’s market.	企业立足成为自己时代的发动机，不但定义生产、营销和整个行业商业模式观念。 企业还广泛运用网络技术和先进的通讯技术，在全球范围进行生产布局，产品陈列、包装、宣传和售后服务的作用越来越重要，有力地推动了服务行业的发展，消费市场成为典型的买方市场。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In a buyer’s market, consumers became god and consumption presented many new features. One, market commodities were diversified. The change of fashionable models and individual styles made commodities even more differentiated and consumption even more specialized, giving birth to the model of individualized consumption. Two, market segmentation appeared in light of different product preferences, turning consumer activities into an important way for social status identification. Three, consumers became changeable, with their preferences changing more frequently and their consumer demands becoming growingly difficult to forecast. This shortened the life span of every product. Four, consumer shopping became a form of modern activities and assumed growingly diversified forms, from store shopping to mail shopping and further to online shopping. They gave birth to new logistics industries. Five, consumption was not only a basic demand but also a life entertainment. Consumer culture became an important component of social life, and sports and leisure consumption was on the steady rise. Six, shopping and consumption venues were integrated. While superstores became a symbol of urban development, consumption environment emphasized individualism, comfort and function. Seven, brands became a totem, a worship and a trust to the general public. Eight, consumption became a vogue, giving birth to consumption school and consumption liquidity. Nine, group and government procurement became an importance force in consumption. Ten, both the level of consumer crimes and the anti-crime technologies continued to update. For example, credit card frauds, mobile phone frauds and online frauds were on the rise, and remote-controlled surveillance cameras and other anti-theft technologies were also growingly updated.	在买方市场，顾客成为上帝，消费呈现许多新的特点：一是，市场商品种类丰富，而且由于流行款式的变换以及个性风格，使得商品的差异显得更加突出，消费越来越专业化，形成个性化消费模式；二是，根据对产品的不同偏好，重要市场空间出现市场细分，消费活动成为社会阶层身份识别的一个重要方式；三是，消费者更加易变，喜好变化越来越频繁，消费需求日益难以预测，使得每一种产品的寿命都缩短了；四是，消费购物成为一种现代活动，消费购物的形式日益多样化，从大型商场购物到邮购和网上购物，形成新的物流产业；五是，消费不但是一种基本的需求，而且成为一种生活的娱乐，消费文化成为社会生活的重要内容，体育和休闲消费日益增加；六是，购物和消费场所综合化，超级卖场成为城镇的发展性符号，消费环境讲究个性、舒适和功能化；七是，品牌成为一种图腾，成为一种崇拜，成为大众的一种信任；八是，消费追求时尚，形成消费流派，出现消费流动性；九是，集团和政府采购成为消费的重要力量；十是，消费犯罪的水平和防犯罪的技术不断更新，如信用卡诈骗、手机诈骗、网络诈骗增多，遥控摄像机等各种防盗警报技术也加速升级。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
These were all the unique features of the so-called “post-Fordism”, which emphasize flexibility and elasticity and provided new impetus to the development of consumer society.	这些特点就是所谓的“后福特主义”特点。 后福特主义强调灵活而富有弹性，为当代消费社会的发展提供了新的动力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Under the guidance of “post-Fordism”, consumption created new production demands and consumer demands stimulated innovation and production desires. Consumption became a major force to drive social development and made growing contribution to economic growth and social development. The consumer market in the age of “post-Fordism” made human exchanges to increasingly wider directions. As a result, the opportunity economy replaced the scale economy, with both production process and marketing method becoming increasingly flexible.	在后福特主义思想指导下，消费创造出新的生产需求，消费需求激发创新和生产的欲望，消费成为社会发展的重要推动力，对经济增长和社会发展的贡献度明显增加。 后福特主义时代的消费市场使人类的交换和交流朝着越来越广泛的方向发展，机会经济取代规模经济，在生产过程、销售方式等方面都表现出很大的灵活性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
However, the role of consumption in driving economic and social development cannot be infinitely amplified and the contribution of consumption to economic growth cannot entirely replace production and investment. While consumption produces positive impacts on economy and society, it also has some negative impacts on them.	但是，消费对经济社会发展的推动作用不可能无限放大，消费对经济增长的贡献度不可能完全代替生产和投资，消费在对经济社会发生正面作用的同时，实际上也存在一些负面作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China should correctly understand and treat consumer economy and consumer society for several reasons.	中国对消费经济和消费社会应该有一个正确认识和对待。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
One, the change in the nature of production and consumption does not change the inherent links between them. Although the activities of consumption have shown a growing relative independence from the activities of production, there exists no consumption that is divorced from production.	原因：一是生产和消费的性质变化并没有改变它们之间的内在联系，虽然消费活动与生产活动的相对独立性越来越明显，但是离开了生产的消费是不存在的。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Consumer culture is based on material culture, and material culture must be based on the productive relations of enterprises.	消费文化是以物质文化为基础的，物质文化必定建立在企业生产关系之上。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Consumption as a whole cannot be separated from material reality. In the world amassed in commodities, most commodities are available from industrial production.	消费总体上离不开物质的实在性，在堆积如山的商品世界，其中大多数商品都是通过工业生产得到的。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Two, the specialization of consumption is closely related to the application of expertise and technical know-how in the course of production. Many elaborate science and technology and complex technologies ensure the health and taste of consumption and support the development of consumer culture.	二是消费的专业化与生产过程中应用专门技术和专业知识密切相关，很多精微的科学技术和复杂的工艺保障了消费的健康和品味，支持了消费文化的发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Three, consumption is closely linked with the environment of human life. While consumption can increase the vitality of the environment, the environment can also affect consumption. The level of consumption of a beautiful city must be higher than that of a backward city.	三是消费与人类生活环境密切相关，消费可以为环境增加活力，同时环境也影响消费，一个优美城市的消费水平必定大于落后城市的消费水平。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Four, the consumption advertisements generally cannot reflect the real nature of commodities and are generally exaggerating.	四是消费广告往往不是商品本质的真实反映，往往带有很多浮夸的成分。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Meanwhile, the consumer market is generally a world without ideological depth and consumers tend to be misled.	同时,消费市场往往是无思想深度的世界，消费者容易被误导。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Five, more and more consumer goods are regarded as the symbol of status, which tend to produce demand surplus that cannot be met and which tend to lead to economic instability and improper or excess consumption.	五是随着越来越多消费品被当作代表地位的商品，容易产生无法满足的需求过剩，导致经济的不稳定、不正当或过度的消费。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Excessively competitive mass consumption generally can disturb modern economic order and have harmful impacts on society.	过度的大众化的竞争消费往往会扰乱现代经济秩序，对社会造成不良影响。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, consumption as the impetus to social development must be compatible with the level of production and the natural resources. The use of the consumption engine must be proper.	所以，消费作为社会发展的动力，必须与生产水平和自然资源相协调，消费引擎需要恰当使用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. New Commodity Fetishism	3、新商品拜物教	sample2-en-sample2-zh
What we need to mention here is that with the high development of the marketized environment, an excessively part of human life has been commercialized, giving birth to the new commodity fetishism. Commodity fetishism worships not only commodities but also capital, brands and reputation, and invests underserved powers in these things.	特别要提出的是：随着市场化环境的高度发展，人类生活中被商业化的部分过于庞大，出现“新的商品拜物教”（the new commodity fetishism），不仅把商品，而且把资本、品牌和名气等当作偶像来崇拜，赋予这些事物所不具备的力量。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In essence, this is a result of the abuse of consumer credit, and China must pay high attention to its harmful effects.	这实质是消费信用滥用的一个结果，中国必须对其不良影响引起高度重视。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Karl Marx made a profound exposition of commodity fetishism in his work On Capital. He noted that commodity fetishism means people regard the value of products as being inherent in these products. In fact, value is created by people.	马克思在《资本论》中对商品拜物教作过深刻剖析，指出：商品拜物教就是人们把产品的价值看着是产品自有的，其实价值是人们所创造出来的。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
When commodities are materialized, the value of commodities seems to have become the natural attribute of commodities themselves (Marx, 1976, P.165).	商品被物化了，商品价值似乎变为商品本身自然而然具有的属性（Marx.1976.p165）。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Today, capital is also materialized and so is brand. The phenomenon of materialization appears not only in the sphere of commodities but also in many other spheres.	时至今日，资本也物化了，品牌也物化了，市场经济不仅在商品领域出现了物化现象，在其他领域也有许多类似的情况。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
What consequences will this phenomenon of wider and deeper materialization bring to society and economy?	这种范围更广、层次更深的物化现象对社会经济带来什么结果呢？	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We cannot deny that the leadership of market mechanisms finds a full expression here.	我们不能否认市场机制的主导作用在这里获得了充分体现。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
But we must also see that with the high development of market economy, market operation further conceals the natural of value exchange. Value seems to have become a natural attribute of commodities, capital and brands, which further highlights the material relations between man and man and dilutes the social relations and the sense of responsibility between man and man.	但是，我们也清楚地看到，随着市场经济高度发达，市场运作进一步掩盖交换价值的特性，价值似乎变成商品、资本、品牌等本身天然具有的属性，进一步凸显人与人之间的物质的关系，冲淡了人与人之间的社会关系和责任意识。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In a market environment where both demands and commodities have become more and more complex and feign, the tools attempting to be used to meet demand have become more and more ambiguous (Kline and Leiss, 1978.9.15).	在市场环境中，迫于需求与商品愈来愈复杂、愈来愈矫饰，试图用来满足需求的手段也跟着愈加暖味不明。 （kline and leiss,1978.9.15）。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As individuals cannot acquire the “technical know-how” for all commodities and cannot possess complete or full information about the quality of goods, personal pursuits are generally difficult to be truly realized. Accordingly, consumers are perplexed about the nature of their demands.	由于个人不可能获得各种商品的“工艺知识”，无法拥有完整的或充分的关于货物品质的各种资讯，因此，个人的追求往往难于真正实现，消费者对自己需要的本质感到迷惑不解。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Commodity fetishism has brought major changes to the meaning of the concept of credit, doubting installment payment in the early 20th century to desiring installment payment, to owning credit cards and to materializing credit card and regarding it as a symbol of status and an irresistible force.	“商品拜物教”使信用观念的含义发生很大的变化，从上世纪初怀疑分期付款制度，经历渴望分期付款，到竞相拥有信用卡，并且把信用卡也物化了，当作一种身份和地位，当作一种不可抗拒的力量。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To some extent, it has fostered hedonism and caused excess consumption and forward consumption.	这在一定程度上滋长了享乐主义，造成过度消费和超前消费。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Excess consumption is undeniably an important factor that triggered the 2008 subprime loan crisis in the United States and thus the global economic crisis.	过度消费不能不说是引发美国2008年次级债危机和全球经济危机的重要因素。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the 21st century, green consumption has become fashionable.	21世纪，绿色消费成为一种趋势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Green consumption refers to a type of consumption that arises from reflections and is thrifty and environmentally responsible.	所谓绿色消费，就是从反省过程中得到的一种节约的、对环境负责任的消费。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the course of reflections, all players in the sphere of green consumption, including social groups, retailers, producers, market researchers, all consumer groups and government departments that emphasize environmental protection, gather together, with each group using different ways to express its awareness and responsibility of green consumption.	在反省过程中，绿色消费领域里的各个角色，包括重视环保工作的社会团体、零售商、生产商、市场研究人员、各类消费群体和政府部门聚集在一起，每个群体都以不同的方式表达一种绿色消费意识和责任。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Green consumption is increasingly linked with reality and responsibility.	绿色消费越来越多地与现实相关联、与责任相关联。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In a sense, green consumption is a correction to the new commodity fetishism.	某种程度上来说，绿色消费是对“新的商品拜物教”的一种纠正。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
II. Expedite Globalization Driven by Urbanization	二、加快推动城镇化为动力的全球化	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. China’s Urbanization Is World’s Largest Modernization Drive	1、中国城镇化是世界上规模最大的现代化运动	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The urbanization engine is in fact the economic and social development driven by China’s urban infrastructure construction and industrialization.	城镇化引擎实际上是以中国城镇基础设施建设和工业化推动的经济社会发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Compared with the Industrial Revolution in Britain and the Meiji Reform in Japan, China’s urbanization is far more difficult. It is a great social revolution and also has greater potential and prospect.	中国城镇化比英国的工业革命和日本的明治维新都要艰难的多，是一场伟大的社会革命，同时也有着更加巨大的潜力和前景。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Accelerating urbanization in a big country with 1.3 billion people requires enormous resources and market. This will be the basic force to drive China’s economic development in the next 50~100 years, and also to drive the future growth of the world economy.	在13亿的人口大国加快城镇化，所需资源和市场将是巨大的，这是中国经济未来50年至100年发展的基本动力，也是世界经济未来增长的基本动力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Currently, the level of China’s urbanization is still fairly low, at about 47%. If China is to reach the level of urbanization in developed countries, it still has to transfer over 700 million peasants to urban areas.	目前，中国城镇化水平比较低，只有47%左右，要达到发达国家城市化水平，中国还有7亿多农民需要转移到城镇。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As it is impossible to transfer all these people to large cities, China needs to actively develop small and medium-sized cities and especially small towns so as to promote urban-rural integration.	全部转移到大城市有困难，需要积极发展中小城市，择优发展小城镇，推进城乡一体化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Small town is the preliminary form of a city, and residing in small towns does not mean “urbanization” in the full sense. But in light of China’s unique national condition that rural people account for half of the total population, the development of towns and cities remains an inevitable choice for the realization of China’s urbanization. Urbanization is a concept in development.	虽然小城镇作为城市的初级形态，并不具备完全意义上的“城市化”，但就中国农村人口占半数之多的国情而言，城镇化则是实现有中国特色城市化的必然选择，是一个发展中的概念。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In essence, urbanization means a continuous transfer of rural people and the secondary and tertiary industries to urban areas, and thus increases the number of towns and cities and the number of urban residents.	从本质上看，城镇化是农村人口不断向城镇转移，第二、三产业不断向城镇聚集，从而使城镇数量增加和城镇市民增加。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Before moving to urban areas, Chinese peasants are mostly self-sufficient.	在城镇化之前，中国广大农民的需求基本上自给自足。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
When they become urban residents, self-sufficiency is replaced by commoditization, thus releasing a great amount of social demand and expediting the social division of labor and the development of various industries.	加快城镇化，农民变成市民，就会以商品化取代自给自足，释放出大量社会需求，从而加速社会分工、促进各行各业发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, urbanization can drive forward industrialization and the development of housing, transport, medical care, education and other social undertakings, and can integrate all factors required for development.	因此，城镇化可以带动产业化，统领住房、交通、医疗、教育等社会事业的发展，能够整合发展的各项要素。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
An accelerated urbanization can allow more peasants to have opportunities to work and live in urban areas, integrate them with mainstream society, and share the fruit of development. When social tolerance becomes higher, contradictions will lessen and society will become more harmonious and stable.	加快推动城镇化进程，让更多农民获得进城务工和转入城镇生活的机会，融入社会的主流，共享发展成果，宽容度就会不断提高，矛盾就会不断减少，社会就会更加和谐稳定。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, urbanization is a fundamental way for China to spur domestic demand.	因此，加快推动城镇化是中国扩大内需的根本途径。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Urbanization and urban infrastructure construction are an important development strategy for China in the 21st century.	城镇化发展和城镇基础设施建设是中国21世纪的一项重要发展战略。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In particular, small towns constitute a key link that can receive industrial extension and information spread from central cities and can serve vast rural areas. They play important roles in forming a rational system of towns and cities, absorbing rural surplus labor, and effectively driving the development of county economies.	特别是小城镇, 对上承接中心城市的生产延伸和信息扩散，对下向广大乡村，处于承上启下的关键环节，对于促进形成合理的城镇体系，吸纳农村剩余劳动力，有效带动县域经济发展，具有重大意义。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the next 50 years, the construction of county cities and towns will become a new development priority and form a new large market.	今后50年，县城和城镇体系建设将成为新的发展重点，形成新的大规模市场。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. Long and Medium-Term Financing Mechanisms Constitute Most Important Force of Urbanization Engine	2、中长期融资机制是城镇化引擎最重要的力源	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The expedition of urbanization must be backed by long and medium-termed financing mechanisms for infrastructure construction.	加快城镇化进程需要有中长期基础建设资金筹措机制作保障。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Thanks to three decades of reform and opening up, China has accumulated certain social wealth. As long as it has rational mechanisms to mobilize all resources, it can effectively advance the process of urbanization.	经过三十年的改革开放，中国积累了一定的社会财富，只要有合理的机制，把各方面的资源调集起来，能够有效地推动中国城镇化的进程。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The responsibility of China’s urban construction rests with regional governments, but the fiscal resources available to these governments cannot meet the huge funding demand.	中国城镇建设的责任在地方政府，但是政府财政能力又不能满足其巨大的资金需求。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the meantime, China’s existing legal environment and fiscal system do not allow regional governments to directly float large amounts of debts.	同时，中国目前的法律环境和财政体制又不允许地方政府大规模直接负债。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This is where the institutional contradiction lies between urban development and urban construction financing demand.	这就形成了城镇发展与城建融资需求的体制矛盾。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the course of supporting the development of infrastructures, basic industries and pillar industries, development finance has developed a financing mechanism for urban infrastructure construction, which has effectively brought China’s urbanization to a new high and expedited the process of urbanization.	开发性金融在支持“两基一支”建设过程中，开发城镇化基础设施建设融资机制，有效地推动中国城镇化建设上一个新的台阶，加快了城镇化进程。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In August 1998, CDB signed an agreement on development financing cooperation with the People’s Government of Anhui Province, which creatively used government’s organizational strength to build a new financing mechanism for urban infrastructure construction.	1998年8月，开行与安徽省人民政府签订开发性金融合作协议，创造性地运用政府组织优势构建新型城镇化基础设施建设融资机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In this new financing mechanism, the government is responsible for establishing an urban construction and investment company which can perform the urban construction financing function on behalf of the government and under the guidance and coordination of the government.	在这个新型融资机制中，政府负责组建能够代表政府履行其城镇建设融资职能的政府指导协调下的城镇建设投资公司，同时政府承诺对其逐步完善法人治理结构和制度建设。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
At the same time, the government is committed to the gradual improvement of the company’s corporate governance structure and systems. This creation has successfully incorporated the government’s credit resources in urban construction and integrated government credit and the credit of development finance with corporate credit. When government credit is used as the guarantee of corporate credit or is converted into corporate credit, it can enhance the financing capacity of enterprises. This new and effective government credit building mechanism can better solve the problems such as fund shortage, time shortage and the irrational structure of fiscal construction funds.	这个创新成功地把政府在城镇建设方面的信用资源进行了整合，把政府信用、开发性金融信用、企业信用有机地结合在一起，以政府信用作为企业信用的保证或转化为企业信用，提高了企业的融资能力，比较好的解决了财政建设资金总量不足、时间跟不上、结构不配套问题，形成了政府新的有效的信用建设机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This mechanism also combines planning with financing credit space for long-term survival, development and self-renewal. It is a snowballing development model.	这种机制还把规划与融资信用空间相结合，长期生存、发展和自我更新，建立滚动式发展模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the course of economic globalization, world resources in a sense are also globalized. With advanced mechanisms, China can also mobilize international resources to speed up its urbanization construction and at the same time provide market space for the international community.	在经济全球化的过程中，世界资源某种程度上来说也是全球化的，只要有先进的机制，中国还可能调配国际资源，加速中国城镇化的建设，同时为国际社会提供市场空间。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China’s huge population, its huge scales of urbanization and industrialization and its green construction project to renovate over 4 billion square meters of shabby urban houses across the country must be backed by huge industrial chains and supply chains. Domestic resources alone cannot meet the demand. It must take advantage of global energies, minerals, technologies, raw materials, farm products and other resources.	中国巨大的人口数量和城镇化、工业化规模，以及全国城镇地区超过40亿平方米的旧危房改造绿色建筑工程，需要巨大的产业链和供应链作为支撑，仅靠国内无法满足，需要在全球范围内配置能源、矿产、技术、原材料、农产品等资源。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance should not be content with incubating itself in the course of America-centered globalization and with the achievements it has made in China. Instead, it should seize opportunities to carry out international cooperation, widen development space and build China-led global industrial and supply chains to meet the demands of China’s long-term construction and development.	开发性金融不能只满足于在以美国为中心的全球化中孵化自己，不能满足于在国内已取得的成绩，而是要抓住机遇开展国际合作，拓展发展空间，构建以中国为主导的全球产业链和供应链，满足中国长期建设发展的需要。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. Urbanization Is Historical Process	3、城镇化是一个历史过程	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a social and historical phenomenon, urbanization is both a manifestation of the advance of material civilization, but also a driving force for the advance of spiritual civilization.	城镇化作为一种社会历史现象，既是物质文明进步的体现，也是精神文明进步的动力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Currently, China’s regional distribution of towns and cities is irrational, its urban-rural relations are uncoordinated, the functions of towns and cities are unsound, and the overall carrying capacity of towns and cities are weak.	目前，中国存在城镇区域布局不尽合理、城乡关系不协调、城镇功能不完善、城镇综合承载能力不强等问题。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, China is unlikely to complete urbanization overnight.	因此，中国的城镇化进程不会一步到位、一蹴而就。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In this process, China needs to correctly handle the relations between urbanization promotion and farmland protection and efficient utilization and the relations between the building of modern towns and cities and the preservation of historical towns and cities. While China gradually raises the rate of urbanization, it should pay more attention to the improvement of the living conditions of urban and rural residents, the availability of public service facilities, the enhancement of industrial quality, and the coordinated development of urban and rural relations.	在这一过程中，需要正确处理推进城镇化与保护和节约利用耕地的关系，正确处理新城建设与旧城改造的关系，正确处理现代化城镇与历史城镇保护的关系，在逐步提高城镇化率的同时，更多地关注城乡居民生存条件和生活条件的改善、公共服务设施的便利，产业素质的提高、城乡关系的协调发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China has to accelerate the rate of urbanization and at the same time improve the quality of urbanization.	中国既面临着加快城镇化速度的问题，也面临着提高城镇化质量的问题。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It should refrain from the blind construction of towns and cities and must emphasize four plans, namely the strategic plan, the overall plan, the land-use plan and the industrial development plan.	城镇建设不能盲目进行，必须做好战略规划，总体规划，土地利用规划，产业发展规划，做到“四规合一”。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In short, urbanization must emphasize both speed and quality.	城镇化既要讲进度，更要讲水平。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
III. Analysis of Two Engines	三、两个引擎综合分析	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the course of fighting against global economic recession and building new international economic order, we can easily discover the following problem when we compare the two engines: the world economy driven by commodity consumption is in fact fraught with some excess consumption and wastes and has exerted great pressure on resources and the environment.	在当前抵御全球经济衰退、建立国际经济新秩序中，我们把两个引擎放在一起进行比较不难发现：以商品消费为动力引导的世界经济，客观上存在一些过度消费和浪费现象，对资源和环境造成很大压力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We cannot deny the positive roles of the consumption engine. But the international community must conduct effective regulation and restraint over the consumption engine.	我们不能完全否定消费引擎的积极作用，但国际社会有必要对消费引擎进行有效调控和节制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On the other hand, the world economy driven by urbanization has an enormous space for development.	以城镇化为动力引导的世界经济，有很大的发展空间。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a major developing country, China still has a fairly low level of urbanization.	中国作为发展中大国，城镇化率还比较低。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This means China still has a long and arduous task to build the country. It also means China has huge potentials. If these potentials are tapped, China will be able to maintain steady and fast economic development for a long time and make contributions to the world economy.	这一方面，说明中国建设任务的长期性和艰巨性；另一方面，也说明中国有巨大的潜力，把这个潜力发掘出来，中国就有可能保持经济长期平稳较快发展，并对世界经济作出贡献。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
From the global and long-term perspectives, the consumption engine must properly reduce its speed and the urbanization engine must properly increase its speed. This is a trend of balanced international economic development in the 21st century.	从全球和长远看，消费引擎需要而且必须适当减速，城镇化引擎需要而且必须适当加速，这是21世纪国际经济平衡发展的趋势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The outburst of the international financial crisis has weakened the America-centered driving force for globalization, and the globalization featuring the development of multi-polarization has the opportunity to develop.	国际金融危机的爆发，使以美国为中心的全球化动力衰减，以多极发展为特征的全球化面临上升机遇。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. Development Trend of Two Engines	1、两个引擎变化趋势	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Figure 5-1 compares the changes in the world GDP ratios of economic growth of two typical countries (United States and China) using the two engines.	图5-1，比较了两个引擎的代表性国家（美国和中国）经济增长占世界比重的变动情况。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
From this comparison, we can see:	从比较中可以看到：	sample2-en-sample2-zh
One, the great achievements made by China in economic construction over the past 30 years since the beginning of reform and opening up has elevated China’s global status. China’s contribution to the world economy has become visibly higher and its influence has become greatly stronger.	一是，改革开放三十多年来，中国经济建设所取得的巨大成就提升了中国的全球地位，中国对世界经济的贡献率显著提高，影响力大大增强。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Over the past 30 years, China’s share of the world GDP has risen sharply. In the past decade or so, in particular, the growth rate has been most conspicuous, rising from 3.4% in 1998 to 8.9% in 2011.	在过去30年内，中国占世界GDP的份额大幅提升，特别是最近十多年，增幅最为明显，由1998年的3.4%提高到2011年的8.9%。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Since 1998, China has enforced a proactive fiscal policy to implement the urbanization development strategy, intensify infrastructure construction, spur the domestic demand with construction investment, stimulate economic growth and bring urbanization into a period of accelerated development.	从1998年以来，中国实施积极财政政策，推行城镇化发展战略，加大基础设施建设力度，以投资建设拉动国内需求，刺激经济增长，进入城镇化加速发展时期。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China’s rate of urbanization rose from 34% in 1998 to 47% in 2011, an average annual growth rate of 1.11 percentage points. This has greatly driven GDP growth.	中国城镇化率由1998年的34%提高到2011年的47%，年均增长1.11个百分点，极大地带动了经济总量增长。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
At the current conventional and rational development speed, China’s GDP is likely to surpass that of the United States in the middle of this century.	按照目前的常规合理的发展速度，中国GDP总量有可能在本世纪中期超过美国。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
But China’s overall strength will remain far weaker than that of the United States, and the 21st century will remain an American century.	但中国的综合实力与美国相比仍然差距很大，21世纪仍然是美国的世纪。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Figure 5-1 Changes in World Ratios of Economic Growth of United States and China	图5-1：美国和中国经济增长占世界比重变动情况	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Note: The basic data originate from the annual data published by the World Bank website www.worldbank.org.cn; on the basis of an integrated analysis of these basic data and the normal speeds of economic development of the two countries, the author worked out the world GDP ratios of China and the United States; the 1980~2009 data are the true data published by the World Bank, and the 2010~2050 data are projections (relevant regression analysis).	说明：各国基础数据取自世界银行网站(www.worldbank.org.cn)公布的历年数据；作者根据基础数据和两国经济发展的常规速度，在综合分析的基础上计算了中美GDP占全球GDP的比重。 1980-2009年数据为世界银行公布的真实数据， 2010年-2050的数据为预测值（相关回归分析）。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Two, what is in sharp contrast is that the world GDP ratio of the consumption-driven American economy has been declining. Over the past 30 years, the contribution of the United States to the world GDP dropped about 2 percentage points every 10 years. In the 1998~2009 period, in particular, this contribution dropped to 23.6% from 29.3%. But the United States remains the leader of the world economy.	二是，与中国成为鲜明对比的是，以消费为动力的美国经济占世界GDP总量的比重日趋下降，近30年来，美国GDP对世界的贡献率每十年大约下降2个百分点，特别是从1998-2009，美国占世界的GDP的份额由29.3%下降到23.6%，但美国在全球经济中仍占领头羊地位。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Three, consumption remains the main force to drive the development of the American economy. While the United States has seen its share of the world GDP continuing to decline, the contribution of consumption to the American GDP has continued to rise, at as high as 80%.	三是，消费仍然是美国经济发展主要推动力。 近十多年来，虽然美国GDP总量在世界的占比逐渐下降，但是美国消费动力占其本国GDP的比例却呈现一种上升的趋势，美国消费动力占GDP的比例高达80%。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This is an indication that the consumption engine remains the most important force to drive the American growth.	这说明美国消费引擎仍然是一个最重要的增长动力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The global economic crisis is the most serious event since the Great Depression in the 20th century and has had certain impacts on this consumption engine.	这次全球经济危机是20世纪大萧条以来最严重的事件，对美国的消费引擎有一定影响。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
But the American growth model featuring consumption with borrowed money is unlikely to change. Its financial imperialist model is unlikely to end either. It will not change in essence, only shrinking in degree.	但是，美国靠借贷消费带动的增长模式不会改变，其金融帝国主义模式也不会终结，在质上不会变，只是在度上会有收缩。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
An examination of the crisis indicates that the systematic risks accumulated by unsound consumer credit pose a major hidden danger and even a serious damage to steady economic performance.	反思危机，可以看到：消费信用的不健全所累积起来的系统性风险，给经济平稳运行带来重大隐患，甚至造成巨大破坏。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For this reason, establishing sound consumer credit mechanism and boosting the risk-resisting capacity of the consumer economy will be necessary steps to ensure consumption-driven globalization.	因此，建立完善的消费信用机制，增强消费经济的抗风险能力将是以消费为动力的全球化的必要保障。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. Development Finance Is Accelerator to Urbanization Development	2、开发性金融是城镇化发展的加速器	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The world order is undergoing great changes and adjustments. The international financial crisis will have a long-term impact. The negative impact of the global financial crisis on economic growth may last for a long time.	世界格局正处在大变革、大调整，国际金融危机的冲击是长期性的，全球金融危机对于经济增长的负面影响可能延续比较长时间。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
When summarizing and studying the driving force and direction of global development, many countries take urban infrastructure construction as an important measure to resume economic growth, increase job opportunities and elevate development level.	总结研究全球发展动力和方向，世界很多国家都把城镇基础设施建设作为恢复经济增长、增加就业机会、提升发展水平的重要措施。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
According to the 2011 Global Infrastructure Summit Forum, the funding demand for the construction of strategic infrastructures around the world in the next 30 years will reach 35 trillion dollars.	据2011年全球基础设施高峰论坛介绍，今后30年全球用于战略性基础设施建设的资金需求将达到35万亿美元。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Likewise, China will also take urban infrastructure construction as a key step to spur domestic demand, adjust industrial structure and promote economic growth for a long time to come.	中国也是一样，今后一个时期，甚至很长一个时期，城镇基础设施建设对扩大内需、调整产业结构、促进经济增长，将发挥关键作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This will determine, to a very large extent, the trend and unique features of China’s economic situation. One, the driving role of infrastructure construction has become more tangible.	这将很大程度上决定中国经济形势的走势和特点：一是基础设施先行的拉动作用更加明显。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a developing country, China has long been in a stage of construction. While urbanization is a lasting force to drive economic growth, infrastructure construction plays fundamental, long-term and overall roles in accelerating urbanization.	作为发展中国家，中国长期处在建设阶段，城镇化是拉动经济增长的持久动力，基础设施先行在城镇化加速中起着根本性、长远性和全局性作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the course of spurring domestic demand, railways, highways, airports, other transport networks and the construction of urban infrastructures have become priorities. As a result, many second-line cities and even county cities have also expedited their development.	在扩大内需过程中，铁路、公路、机场等交通网络和城市基础设施建设成为重点，大量二线城市甚至县级城市的发展也会随之加快。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Two, the task of industrial restructuring has become more difficult.	二是产业结构调整的任务更加艰巨。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
An important content of spurring domestic demand is to optimize industrial structure, featuring the enhancement of indigenous innovation and the closer coordination between the primary, secondary and tertiary industries.	扩大内需的一项重要内容就是要以提高自主创新能力和增强三次产业协调性为重点，优化产业结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The financial crisis has drastically reduced China’s external demand and exerted a tremendous pressure on China to expedite its own industrial development.	金融危机使中国外需大量减少，客观上为中国加快自身产业发展提供了巨大的倒逼机制压力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
If China can seize this opportunity and intensify support for the development of priority industries, promote the construction of an industrial system which is fully fledged, independent and technologically competitive and enhance its international competitiveness, China will be able to turn this crisis into an opportunity and continue to hold the initiative in its own hand in the new round of economic growth.	如果中国能够以此为机遇，加大对重点产业发展的支持力度，促进建设相对齐全、独立自主、技术水平较高的产业体系，提高国际竞争力，就可能化危为机，在新一轮经济增长中继续保有主导权。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Three, the development of small and medium-sized enterprises has become more and more important.	三是促进中小企业发展的重要性更加突出。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Small and medium-sized enterprises are an important force to drive economic growth and to offer employment. Their ratio in the whole economy will gradually become higher, laying a foundation for the accelerated development of the circulation industry, service industry, processing and manufacturing industry and other sectors.	中小企业既是拉动经济增长的重要力量，也是吸纳就业的主力军，在国民经济中所占的比重会逐渐增加，成为流通业、服务业以及加工制造业等领域加快发展的基础。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Four, the call for easing resource constraint through international cooperation has become ever stronger.	四是通过国际合作缓解资源制约的要求更加迫切。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Currently, China faces serious resource constraint, with over half of major energy and mineral resources having to be imported. Most of these major resources are monopolized by multinational companies in the West, which has placed China in a very passive position.	目前中国面临严重的资源制约，重要能源矿产资源一半以上依赖进口，这些重要资源大多为西方跨国公司所垄断，使中国处在非常被动的局面。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The government requests Chinese enterprises to seize new opportunities for overseas investment, expand their overseas operations more actively and prudently, and strengthen cooperation with foreign partners in the fields of badly-needed rare resources and key technologies.	政府要求利用海外投资的新机遇，更加积极稳妥地实施“走出去”战略，加大对中国急需稀缺资源和关键技术领域的对外合作力度。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Apparently, all the above major unique features are closely related with development finance. On the one hand, development finance must play the roles of accelerator and regulator. On the other, development finance will have an important opportunity for accelerated development.	显而易见，所有上述重要特点均与开发性金融密切相关，一方面要求开发性金融发挥加速器和调节器作用，另一方面也为开发性金融加快发展带来重要机遇。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance has the duty and ability to remove bottlenecks and mobilize both domestic and foreign resources so as to promote the building of industrial chains and supply chains for urban infrastructure construction and to meet the demand of China’s long and medium-term construction and development.	开发性金融有责任、有能力“打通瓶颈，融通天下”，融资推动构建城镇化基础建设产业链和供应链，满足中国中长期建设发展的需要。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Part Three Sources of Funding: Financial Bonds Supplemented with Other Raised Funds	第三部分: 资金来源：金融债为主、其他融资为辅	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a national development finance institution, China Development Bank (CDB) issues financial bonds based on government credit to raise funds for the mid- and long-term construction and social and livelihood undertakings, which is a vital achievement of economic system reform.	开发银行作为国家开发性金融机构依托政府信用发行金融债券，筹措中长期建设和社会民生事业所需要的资金，是经济体制改革的重要成果。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It is imperative for CDB to strengthen operations as a bond bank and establish diversified financing mechanism in which issuing financial bonds is a principal means of financing, supplemented with other financing sources, so as to raise funds for the long and mid-term development of the country.	开行需要坚持债券银行，建立以金融债券发行为主，其他为辅的多元化融资机制，筹措资金，支持国家中长期建设。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
I. China calls for bond bank	一、中国需要债券银行	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China’s long and mid-term advances and social and livelihood undertakings demand long-term funding support from development bonds.	中国中长期建设和社会民生事业需要开放性金融债券长期资金支持。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This type of bonds, which can be considered as financial bonds of policy banks to some degree, is issued to designated subscribers or through public bidding by development finance institutions according to specified procedures and on the premise of approval of the State Council for the purpose of collecting credit funds. They are also known as silver-edged bonds as the credit rating of such bonds is second only to treasury bonds.	开放性金融债券（一定程度可视为政策性银行金融债券）是开放性金融机构为筹集信贷资金，经国务院批准，依照规定程序，通过派购发行或市场化招标发行的金融债券。 这类债券的信用级别仅次于国债，因此也叫做银边债券。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Financial bonds have the following characteristics: a) funds raised through such bonds are mainly used for directed loans; b) the bonds are issued in a centralized way and in a certain amount; c) the collected funds have long maturities, thus conducive to long-term loans; d) financial bonds cannot be redeemed in advance, but can be traded and transferred on securities market; and e) financial bonds have high interest rates and the financing cost is relatively high.	金融债券具有专用性、集中性、长期性、流动性和高利性特点。 专用性是指发行金融债券筹集的资金主要用于定向贷款；集中性是指发行金融债券一般是集中进行，表现为筹集权力相对集中、规模有一定限额；长期性是指发行金融债券所筹资金还本付息的期限相对较长，有利于长期性贷款；流动性是指在流通转让方面，金融债券不能提前兑取，但可以在证券市场流通转让；高利性是指在筹资成本方面，金融债券一般利率较高，相对成本较大。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For these reasons, it is suitable to invest funds raised through such financial bonds into large and medium infrastructure sector, basic industries and pillar industries which are closely related to long and middle-term development of the State.	因此，由这类金融债券所筹集的资金比较适合用于与国家中长期发展密切相关的大中型基础设施、基础产业、战略产业（“两基一支”）。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development bonds were first introduced in China in 1994.	中国1994年开始发行开发性金融债券。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a primary issuer, CDB has distributed over 90% of all financial bonds.	开发性金融债券主要发行体是国家开发银行，开行金融债券发行量占整个金融债券的90%以上。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The funds of CDB mainly come from financial bonds and above 90% of its loans are extended by means of bond funds.	金融债券是开行的主要资金来源，开行90%以上的贷款是以债券资金发放。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Thus, CDB is known as bond bank.	因此，开行作为国家开发性金融机构有“债券银行”之称。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development financing mainly invests funds raised through financial bonds in large and medium infrastructure sector, basic industries and pillar industries, and has intensified support for county economy, livelihood undertaking and “going global” activities of enterprises in recent years, thereby playing a significant role in adjusting industrial and regional economic structure, helping economic growth of China’s western regions and promoting the healthy and sustainable development of the national economy.	开发性金融通过金融债券筹集的资金主要用于支持 “两基一支”，近年来开发性金融加大了对县域经济、民生事业和“走出去”的支持力度，为调整产业和区域经济结构，支持西部经济大开发，促进整个国民经济的健康持续发展发挥了重要作用。 中国长期建设和社会民生事业特别需要开发性金融这类“债券银行”支持。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China’s long and mid-term advances and social and livelihood undertakings, which financial institutions are generally unwilling and unsuitable to engage in, are in urgent need of support of development financing of bond bank.	这是因为中国长期建设和民生事业这类社会热点领域是一些市场很不发达的领域，是金融机构一般情况下不乐意也不便涉足的领域。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Investments in these areas like infrastructure and basic industries usually involve enormous capitals, long period, high risk and uncertain returns; especially, capital flows are remarkable at the early stage of investment and it may take a long time to obtain investment income.	在这些领域投入资金，比如在基础设施、基础产业投资，往往存在着投资规模大、周期长、风险高、预期收入不确定等因素，而且投资于这些领域的资金流动情况往往前期量很大，收益要很长时间才能有所见效。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
These are features and dilemmas of financing for long and mid-term constructions.	这是中长期建设融资的特点和困境。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As the market economy is still in its infancy after a long period of planned economy and the current economic system reform is dominated by the government, China is faced with serious problems in relation to system deficiencies and lack of market development.	中国比较长时间实行计划经济，市场经济起步比较晚，基础比较薄弱，在政府主导的经济体制改革中，虽然市场体制有了较大改观，但体制缺损、市场发育不足的问题仍然很严重。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In other words, despite the achievements, the market system is still backward and remains as the Achilles’ heel of China’s long and mid-term development.	也就是说，市场体制仍然很落后，仍然是制约中国中长期发展的“软肋”。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Specifically, at the micro level, corporate governance is defective and credit of market actors is still missing; at the macro level, there exist notable regional imbalances, urban-rural differences and social disparities, the basis for infrastructure and its construction is still weak and pressures in social security, employment and environmental protection are huge while there is serious shortage of funds available for public causes.	表现在两个方面：在微观方面，企业法人治理不健全，市场行为主体信用缺失现象比较严重；在宏观方面，地区差异、城乡差异、社会贫富差异比较大，社会基础设施和基础建设薄弱，社会保障、就业和生态环境保护压力很大，社会公共事业发展资金严重不足。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Issues such as large population, limited resources and imbalanced development have become increasingly prominent; restrictions of resources have existed and will exist for a long time; the task of developing infrastructure sector, basic industries and pillar industries remains arduous and accelerating urbanization needs a large amount of funds. To resolve all these problems, it is imperative to improve the financing mechanism for long and mid-term infrastructure construction.	中国人口多，资源少，发展不平衡等问题日益突出，资源约束“紧运行”状况长期存在，涉及国家经济安全的“两基一支”建设任务繁重，加快城镇化进程需要巨大资金，这些问题必须从中长期基础建设资金筹措机制上作文章。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In March, 1994, the State Council approved to establish China Development Bank, and allowed it to issue China’s first development bond by means of assigned purchasing and use the funds collected for the development of infrastructure sector, basic industries and pillar industries.	1994年3月，国务院批准成立国家开发银行，批准开行通过派购发行中国第一支开发性金融债券，利用金融债券融资方式措资金支持“二基一支”建设。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In September, 1998, the State Council then permitted CDB to issue financial bonds on the inter-bank market through public tendering, which is considered as a crucial achievement in the reform of China’s investment and financing system and the financial system, and a revolutionary breakthrough for resolving mid-and long-term financing dilemma.	1998年9月，国务院进一步同意开行在银行间市场用市场化招标方式发行金融债券，这是中国投融资体制与金融体制改革的重要成果，对突破中长期融资困境具有革命性意义。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With the deepening of the reform and opening up, China’s financing system and financial market have made significant progress.	随着改革开放不断深入，中国融资体制和金融市场有了长足进步。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
At the early stage of reform and opening up, the financing system focused on fiscal financing and attracting foreign investments, and by now, it has developed into a diversified system in which financing operations of commercial banks, capital market financing, policy financing and development financing also contribute to the rapid social and economic development.	在融资体制方面，由改革开放之初的以财政融资和引进外资为主的融资体制发展为多元融资体制，除财政融资和吸引外资继续发挥作用外，商业银行融资、资本市场融资、政策性融资、开发性金融融资等共同为中国经济社会快速发展作出贡献。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With regard to the financial market, the liquidity of China’s capital market has increased and financial resources available for economic development are more abundant than ever before, which are reflected in the growth of residents’ deposits and the remarkable change in the structure of national savings.	在金融市场方面，中国资本市场的流动性增加了，可用于经济发展的金融资源比任何时候都要丰富的多。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In 1979, the savings of residents, businesses and the government accounted for 23.55%, 33.63% and 42.82% respectively, and the figures became 40%, 40% and 20% in 2009; China’s foreign exchange reserves increased to USD2.64 trillion in September, 2010 and financial assets climbed to more than RMB60 trillion in April, 2009, accounting for 4%-5% of the global total.	表现在：中国居民储蓄增加了，国民储蓄结构发生显著的变化，1979年,居民、企业、政府三部门储蓄所占比重分别是23.55%、33.63%和42.82%，2009年分别为40%、40%、20%;中国外汇储备增加了，2010年9月外汇储备量达到2.64万亿美元；中国金融资产增加了，2009年4月全国金融资产总量超过60万亿人民币，占全球总量的4%-5%。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
However, it has been well recognized that considering the low financing efficiency and the status quo as an immature primary market, China’s financial market is, despite the large total amount, still lagging far behind that of developed countries and unable to meet the demands for the rapid, steady and sustainable economic development.	但是，开发性金融也清楚地认识到：中国的融资效率还比较低，中国的的金融市场还是一个不成熟、不发达的初级市场，虽然总量不算小，但与发达国家金融市场相比还是有很大差距，还不能适应和满足中国经济快速、稳定、持续增长的需要。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On the whole, what China is short of are not funds, but the effective mechanism for motivating funds, especially a sound financing mechanism for ensuring the needs of long- and mid-term growth and “bottleneck” areas in social development.	发展到今天，从总体上看，中国不缺少资金，缺少的是调动和发动资金的有效机制，特别是缺少一种健全的保障中长期建设和社会发展瓶颈领域资金需求的融资机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
II. Issuing development bonds is an efficient financing mechanism	二、开发性金融债券是有效融资机制	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The issuance of financial bonds by CDB is an effective mechanism for ensuring the financing needs of China’s long and mid-term advances and social and livelihood undertakings.	开行发行金融债券是保障中长期建设和社会民生事业资金需求的有效融资机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As national development finance institution, CDB possesses characteristics of a policy bank, has the nature of a financial enterprise and also takes responsibilities as development finance institution.	开行作为国家的开发性金融机构，既有政策性银行的特点，又有金融企业的性质，同时还有开发性金融机构的责任。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The features of a policy bank refrains credit expansion driven by for-profit purposes; instead, CDB must prepare and implement credit policies as a macro-control authority according to the macro-economy and industrial policies and reflect governmental intentions.	政策性银行的特点决定了开行不能在盈利目标的驱使下进行信用扩张，而必须根据宏观经济和产业政策，以宏观调控部门的身份制定和执行信贷政策，体现政府意图。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a financial enterprise, CDB must operate independently as a market entity, focus on the efficient use of funds and guard against financial risks.	作为金融企业，开行必须以市场主体的身份实现自主经营，讲究资金使用效率，防范金融风险。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Moreover, as national financial institution, CDB should earnestly undertake responsibility for promoting market system building and creating conditions for the sound and sustainable economic and social development while providing financing services for national strategic projects.	作为国家的开发性金融机构，开行有很强的责任在为国家战略项目提供融资服务的同时，大力推动市场体制建设，为经济社会健康持续发展创造条件。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The essence of development finance is to, by utilizing policy resources conferred by the country through market-based instruments, connect the bank’s performance in infrastructure construction and hot areas in need of development closely with governmental goals and ultimately reflect strategic objectives and policy requirements of the State.	开发性金融的本质是政策性，是通过市场的手段，应用和组织国家所赋予的各种政策资源，在基础建设领域和需要开发的热点领域，将银行业绩和政府目标紧密结合起来，最终体现国家的战略目标和政策要求。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, the issuance of financial bonds by CDB constitutes a unique bond financing mechanism for China – development bond financing mechanism, in which financial bonds are issued based on government credit to centralize commercial banks’ short-term funds and the social funds and effectively allocate idle social capitals to support the long and mid-term infrastructure construction and social and livelihood undertakings.	因此，开行发行金融债券，实际上为我们国家构建了一种独特的债券融资机制，这就是开发性金融债券融资机制。 这种机制依靠和运用政府信用，在市场发行金融债券，把商业银行短期资金和社会资金转化为长期集中大额资金，有效调配社会闲散资金，支持中国中长期基础设施建设和社会事业发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Meanwhile, it mitigates systematic risks of the financial sector by cutting off the direct relations of investments in long and mid-term construction with the monetary base.	同时，它从源头上切断中长期建设投资与基础货币间的直接联系，降低金融行业的系统性风险。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The reason that the mechanism can play such a role lies in its vitalizing of government credit in three aspects:	开发性金融债券机制之所以能够起到这个作用，是因为这个机制从三个方面用活了政府信用：	sample2-en-sample2-zh
First, it expands the financial credit of government.	一是拓展政府财政信用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Financial credit, generated by tax and budget regulations, derives from economic development and tax revenue growth and is related to fiscal incomes.	财政信用是由税收、预算等法律规定所产生的信用，来源于经济发展和税收增加，与财政收入水平相关联。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For now, China’s financial credit mainly plays a role in the treasury bonds issued by the fiscal system itself and besides, provides certain guarantees for international financial institutions like the World Bank. Thus, there is a large room for improving the capacity and using efficiency of financial credit.	目前中国财政信用主要是对财政体系自身发行的国债发挥作用，此外对世行等国际金融机构贷款提供一些担保，财政信用能量和运用效率还有很大的发挥空间。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As special organization of the government, the development finance institution issues financial bonds based on the particular credit conferred by the government.	开发性金融机构作为政府的特殊金融机构，以政府赋予的特殊信用为基础，发行金融债券。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Such financial bonds are considered as quasi-treasury bonds and an extension of the government's financial credit.	这种金融债券具有准国债的性质，是政府财政信用的拓展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Issuing financial bonds can bring ample funds to areas such as the infrastructure sector, basic industries and pillar industries, and is conducive to stepping up the aggregation and industrialization process of investments and expanding the multiplier effect and acceleration effect of investments in treasury bonds.	通过发行金融债券筹措大量资金，增加对“二基一支”等领域的投入，加速投资的集聚功能和产业化进程，有助于扩大国债投资的乘数效应和加速效应。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The development bond financing mechanism opens up a channel linking the government and the capital market. Compared to the mere financial pattern, it can bridge shortage of fiscal construction funds and can realize the efficient use of government credit and improve the financial system’s efficiency of resources allocation by lessening the “crowding out effect” where fiscal capitals could squeeze out social funds.	开发性金融债券机制打通政府与资本市场之间的通道，与单纯财政模式相比，一方面可以补充财政建设资金的不足，另一方面在一定程度上可以减少财政资金对社会资金的“挤出效应”，实现政府信用的“有效运用”，提高金融体系配置金融资源的效率。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, it strengthens the currency credit of government.	二是强化政府货币信用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Currency credit is generated from the issuance of legal tender by a country or a region. It is based on the country or region’s macro performance and represents certain economic sovereignty.	货币信用是由国家或地区发行法定货币所产生的信用，以国家或地区的宏观业绩为基础，代表了一定的经济主权。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Currency credit, a typical government credit, is directly associated with the amount and liquidity of the legal tender issued by a state or an area.	货币信用直接与一个国家或地区发行法定货币的数量和流动性强弱相关联，是一种典型的政府信用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance securitizes some monetary assets and manages these securities, and transfers commercial banks’ short-term funds into long-term centralized, large-amount funds to improve the efficiency of shifting savings to investments, which is helpful in guiding commercial banks and social capitals to invest in proper areas and achieving the objectives of macro-control.	开发性金融把国家一些货币资产进行证券化，并对这些证券进行有效管理，将商业银行短期资金转化为长期集中大额资金，提高储蓄向投资的转化效益，有助于正确引导商业银行和社会资本投向，实现宏观调控目标。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, it makes rational use of the government’s institutional credit.	三是正确使用政府机构信用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Institutional credit arises from the position of statutory financial institution.	机构信用是由国家法定金融机构的地位所产生的信用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As such an institution, CDB was granted with RMB50 billion by the State as capital funds at the start and conferred with quasi-sovereign government credit, which is a vital basis for the market-based operations of development financing and the credit enhancement by virtue of the state and governmental organizations.	开行是国家法定的开发性金融机构（Statutory），国家最初拨给开行500亿元资本金，并赋予开行准主权的政府信用，这是开发性金融市场化运作和组织增信的重要基础。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Applying the credit of statutory financial institution, CDB propels economic growth by focusing on market development and nurturing borrowing units into efficient market entities.	开行运用国家法定金融机构的信用，注重市场建设，注重把借款单位培养为高效率的市场主体，推动经济发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
These three types of government credit are interrelated and differ from each other, and at the same time, are not subordinate to each other.	政府信用三种形式，既相互关联，又相互区别，不互相从属。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Immune from fluctuations on the market, government credit is the basis for stabilizing the market and finance and can maintain the system steadiness of the market and the overall benefits.	政府信用有不随市场波动的能力，是稳定市场和稳定金融的基础，能抵抗市场的逆向风波，保持市场的系统性稳定，维护全局利益。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Through effective use of particular type(s) of government credit, the development bond financing mechanism connects government credit and the market.	开发性金融债券机制在市场上有效运用不同形式的政府信用，把不同形式的政府信用与市场结合起来。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Besides, the mechanism also connects government credit and institutional performance credit by proactively relying on the support of its institutional performance.	此外，开发性债券机制在充分运用政府信用的同时，还自觉地依靠自身机构业绩的支撑，把政府信用和机构业绩信用结合起来。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Through the two “connections”, the mechanism ultimately reflects the benign interactive between the national economic strength and the market.	通过两个结合，开发性金融债券机制最终体现国家经济实力与市场的良性互动。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The development bond financing mechanism is a core mechanism of bond bank.	开发性金融债券机制是“债券银行”的核心机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a major carrier of government credit and a bridge between government and the market, development finance institution is an integral part of the financial system and plays a crucial and unique role, no matter whether we are enjoying steady economic development or coping with financial crisis.	开发性金融机构作为政府信用的重要载体和政府与市场间的桥梁，不论在经济稳定发展阶段还是在应对金融危机阶段，都是金融体系中不可或缺的组成部分，发挥重要而独特的作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
III. Development bonds and macro-policy transmission mechanism	三、开发性金融债券与宏观政策传导机制	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development bond is an effective transmission mechanism of national macro policies.	开发性金融债券是国家宏观政策的有效传导机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It has turned out a big success that CDB issues development bonds by relying on national credit to raise funds for the country’s long and mid-term infrastructure construction and social development.	开行依靠和运用国家信用发行金融债券，用债券融资方式解决资金来源，支持国家中长期基础建设和社会发展，实践证明是非常成功的。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
First, development bonds have become a magnifier of China’s fiscal policy.	第一，开发性金融债券成为中国财政政策的放大器。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
By bond financing, development finance institution steers a large amount of social funds to support key projects of national infrastructure, basic industries and pillar industries.	开发性金融通过债券融资，引导大量社会资金，有力地支持国家基础设施、基础产业、支柱产业等重点项目建设。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
According to the 2011 Annual Report of CDB, more than 76% loans were extended to the above-mentioned sectors by CDB.	据开行2011年报数据，开行贷款投向“两基一支”占比76％以上。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, development bonds have become a conductor of China’s monetary policy.	第二，开发性金融债券成为中国货币政策的传导器。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a significant type of open market operation of the central bank, development bonds provide a vital instrument for the monetary policy operations of the central bank.	开发性金融债券是央行公开市场操作的重要品种，为央行货币政策操作提供了重要的工具。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, by March, 2009, the inventory of such financial bonds amounted to over RMB2.7 trillion, of which above RMB2 trillion were held by commercial banks.	例如，截至2009年3月，开发性金融债券在债券市场的存量为2.7万多亿，其中商业银行持有2万多亿元。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The issuance and innovation of development bonds has transformed the short-term, decentralized funds worth trillions into long-term, large-amount funds, effectively mitigated the systematic risk of financial market and played a crucial role in implementing national macroeconomic policies and collaborating in the enforcement of fiscal and monetary policies.	开发性金融债券发行和创新有效扭转了银行体系中“短钱长用”、“小钱多用”的局面，将数万亿短期和分散的资金转化为大额长期资金，有效降低了金融市场的系统风险，在贯彻执行国家宏观经济政策、配合实施财政政策和货币政策方面发挥重要作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, development bonds have become a booster of China’s industrial policies.	第三，开发性金融债券成为中国产业政策的助推器。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development bonds have provided strong funding support for industrial restructuring and technological upgrading, and propelled industrial development policies to put into practice and yield positive results.	开发性金融债券为中国产业结构调整合和技术升级提供了强有力的资金支持，推动产业发展政策“落地生根”、“开花结果”。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fourth, development bonds have become a vital instrument for brand and asset management on China’s bond market.	第四，开发性金融债券成为中国债券市场重要品牌和资产管理工具。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With innovative and pricing power, development bonds have significant influence on the bond market. They not only serve as important instruments for Chinese financial institutions to optimize asset structure and liquidity management, but also provide new funding sources for institutional investors.	开发性金融债券以其创新力、定价力对债券市场有重要影响，不仅是中国金融机构优化资产配置结构和流动性管理的重要工具，而且为机构投资者提供新的利润来源。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
At present, commercial banks and insurance companies are major investors of development bonds, and hold 78% and 14% of total development bonds respectively.	目前，商业银行和保险公司是开发性金融债券重要投资人，分别持有开发性金融债券总量的78％和14％。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CIRC) gives full policy support to insurance institutions’ investments in financial bonds and subordinated debentures, exempting them from credit ratings and allowing them to independently determine the investment proportion according to asset allocation needs.	保监会对保险机构投资金融债券和次级债券给予充分的政策支持，规定免于信用评级，可根据资产配置需要自主确定投资比例。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance and life insurance funds have supplementary advantages in terms of assets and liabilities structure and can forge long-term strategic cooperation.	开发性金融与寿险资金在资产负债结构上具有互补优势，形成长期战略合作。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fifth, development bonds have beefed up the development of China’s bond market.	第五，开发性金融债券推动中国债券市场发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As the second largest bond issuer only after the Ministry of Finance, development finance takes up a share of 27% on the bond market and 75% of policy financial bonds, and has laid a foundation for the bond market’s system building, product development and the cultivation of rational market.	开发性金融是国内仅次于财政部第二大债券发行商，在债市占有约27％的市场份额，在政策性金融债券中占有75％份额，为债券市场的制度建设、产品开发和理性市场的培育做了很多基础性工作。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a key development finance institution, CDB is the exclusive bank in China qualified as lead underwriter of long-term corporate bonds, mid-term notes and short-term financing bonds simultaneously.	开行作为重要的开发性金融机构，还是中国唯一同时具备长期企业债券、中期票据和短期融资券主承销资格的银行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
By the end of 2009, CDB participated in underwriting148 bonds in total, including 55 bonds (41 corporate bonds and 14 short-term financing bonds) worth RMB152.8 billion (RMB125 billion of corporate bonds and RMB27.8 billion of short-term bonds) as the lead underwriter.	截止2009年底，开发银行累计参与承销债券148支，其中主承销债券55支（企业债券41支，短期融资14支），主承销债券发行规模1528亿元（企业债券1250亿元，短期债券278亿元）。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Sixth, development bonds have become industrial criteria and provided significant reference for the pricing of bond market.	第六，开发性金融债券逐渐成为行业的标准，为债券市场定价提供了重要参考。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development bonds have a wide range of varieties, including fixed-rate bonds and floating-rate notes, as well as standard bonds and optional bonds specific for different types of investors. In terms of duration, development bonds have various maturities from 3 months to 30 years, which is a vital foundation for the complete yield curve of policy financial bonds on the Chinese bond market, and provides pricing basis for many other products such as corporate bonds, short-term financing bonds and commercial banks’ financial bonds.	开发性金融债券品种齐全丰富，既有固定利率债券，又有以各种利率作为基准的浮动债；既有标准债，又有包含选择权的债券，能够满足不同类型投资人的需要；在债券期限上，开发性金融债券期限涵盖了从3个月到30年期内的各种期限，是形成中国债券市场政策性金融债券完整收益率曲线的重要基础，为债券市场很多其他产品，如企业债、短期融资券及商业银行金融债券的发行提供定价基础。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance is committed to the serialization and standardization of bond issuance and is conducive to determining benchmark yield of China’s bond market.	开发性金融致力债券发行的系列化和标准化，有利于形成中国债券市场基准收益率。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Seventh, development bonds have improved the financing efficiency of CDB and optimized the structure of its balance sheet.	第七，开发性金融债券提高了开行融资效率，优化了开行资产负债结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Bond financing has advantages like intensive issuance, large scale and high efficiency.	债券融资具有集约、规模、高效的优势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a key development finance institution, CDB once set a record of issuing RMB60 million bonds in half an hour.	开行作为重要的开发性金融机构曾创造过半小时招标发行600亿元债券的记录。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
According to the 2007 Annual Report, the per capita volume of bond financing of CDB was 21.53 times that of deposit-taking commercial banks.	以2007年报数据为例，开行人均债券筹资量是存款性商业银行人均筹资的21.53倍。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To date, CDB has maintained reasonable asset-liability structure, in which long and mid-term bonds maturing in more than five years account for 95% of total bond inventory. This avoids maturity mismatch between assets and liabilities prevalent in deposit-taking banks and provides fundamental guarantee for CDB’s issuance of long and mid-term loans.	目前开行的资产负债结构保持了比较合理的匹配，5年期以上中长期债券占债券存量95％，较好克服了存款性银行普遍存在的资产负债期限错配问题，为开行中长期贷款发放提供了最根本的保障。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
According to the 2008 Annual Report, by the end of 2008, CDB issued RMB4,362.28 billion of financial bonds, in which RMB494.21 billion were assigned bonds and the other RMB3,868.07 billion were issued in a market-oriented approach, and the inventory of financial bonds stood at RMB2,706.375 billion.	以2008年报数据为例，截止2008年12月末，开发银行累计发行金融债券43622.8亿元，其中派购债4942.1亿元，市场化发行债券38680.7亿元，金融债券存量为27063.75亿元。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a major funding source of development finance, financial bonds have effectively supported the development of large and medium infrastructure sector, basic industries and pillar industries, and have made significant contribution to mitigating bottleneck restrictions, adjusting industrial and regional economic structure and promoting the healthy and sustainable development of the national economy.	金融债券是开发性金融的主要资金来源，有力地支持了国家大中型基础设施、基础产业、支柱产业的发展，为缓解瓶颈制约、调整产业和区域经济结构，促进整个国民经济的健康发展发挥了重要作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
IV. CDB needs to uphold the positioning of bond bank during commercialization	四、开行商业化转型仍然需要坚持“债券银行”	sample2-en-sample2-zh
From the end of 2008, under the leadership of the State Council and other authorities, CDB ushered in the stage of commercialization.	从2008年底开始，在国务院和有关部门领导下，开行进入商业化转型发展阶段。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
According to the CDB Reform Program of the State Council, CDB will be transformed from a policy financial institution into a commercial bank; after the reform, it will support significant long and mid-term development strategies of the economy by providing financial services such as long and mid-term credit loans and investments.	国务院关于开行改革方案指出：“把开发银行从政策性金融机构转型为商业银行。 改革后，开发银行主要通过开展中长期信贷与投资等金融业务，为国民经济重大中长期发展战略服务。”	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In other words, CDB will become a multi-purpose bank with credit and investment functions; at the same time, its foremost focus in long and mid-term businesses will distinguish it from other commercial banks.	这说明，开行要从政策金融机构转型为商业银行，具有信贷与投资功能，是一个多功能的银行；同时，开行主要开展中长期业务，为国民经济重大中长期发展战略服务，有别于其他商业银行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The reform is arduous and needs ample exploration and practice.	开行改革有很强的探索性、实践性和艰巨性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
When engaging in long and mid-term businesses under the framework of commercial bank, CDB is bound to be confronted with some new problems and situations.	在商业银行框架下支持中长期业务，确实面临一些新问题、新情况。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The most crucial issue is the source of funding, which is subject to factors such as indefinite nature of bonds, the constraint of capital adequacy and the variation in risk weights of bonds. The key to CDB’s steady transformation is to maintain the continuity of existing long and mid-term businesses.	其中，资金来源问题是最关键的问题。 具体表现为：过渡期后债券性质未明确，资本充足率约束，债券风险权重变化等。 开行平稳转型的关键是保持原有中长期业务的连续性。 而要做到这一点，必须解决好资金来源等问题。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To well serve long and mid-term development strategy of the economy, it must optimize the funding source for medium and long-term development.	为国民经济重大中长期发展战略服务，必须解决好与中长期业务发展匹配的资金来源问题。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To date, there have been three categories of contradictions in the composition and source of funding: a) the contradiction between small capital funds and rapidly expanding business; b) the contradiction between limited sources of funding and the growing demand for funds.	目前。 开行的资金来源构成已经存在三个矛盾：一是，资本金规模偏小与业务发展规模迅速扩大之间的矛盾。 二是，筹资渠道相对单一与资金需求日益扩大之间的矛盾。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With the expansion of bond issuance, given that CDB can only issue bonds to institutions through inter-bank market, the difficulty in bond issuance and risk of pass will be mounting; and c) the contradiction between the market-based interest rate of bonds and the non market-based lending rate.	开行发债规模随业务发展逐年扩大，在只能通过银行间市场向机构发债的情况下，发债难度进一步增加，流标风险进一步加大。 三是，债券发行利率市场化与贷款利率非市场化之间的矛盾。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As CDB has adopted market-based bond issuance, the financing cost is largely affected by market fluctuations while there is still a regulatory upper limit for lending rate; thus, it has no other alternative but be passively exposed to market risk.	开行债券发行已经实现市场化，筹资成本受市场波动影响比较大，而开行贷款利率仍有上限规定，开行只能被动承受市场风险。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In contrast, commercial banks, whose deposit interest rates are statutory, can collect funds at a relatively low cost and bear no market risk.	商业银行存款利率为法定利率，筹资成本相对较低，不承受市场风险。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The combination of new problems emerging from the commercialization of CDB and existing issues may render the issue of funding sources extremely complicated.	开行商业化转型中出现的一些新问题与已经存在的问题结合在一起，可能使资金来源问题变的极为复杂。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In response, it is advisable for CDB, under the principle of persisting in long and mid-term businesses as a national development finance institution, to uphold the basic positioning of bond bank and follow the strategy of raising funds mainly through financial bonds and via supplementary means.	应对复杂情况的比较妥善办法是：开行作为国家重要的开发性金融机构在继续服务中长期业务这一大方针下，继续坚持“债券银行”的基本定位，坚持金融债筹资为主，其他方式筹资为辅的组合筹资策略。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
V. Summary	五、小结	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This section addresses that development finance institutions, by issuing financial bonds based on government credit, raise funds for long and medium construction and social and livelihood undertakings.	本章介绍了开发性金融依托政府信用发行金融债券，筹措中长期建设和社会民生事业所需要资金。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a macro-policy transmission mechanism, development bonds integrate commercial banks’ short-term and decentralised funds into large-amount, long-term funds to mitigate systematic risk of the financial market and propel industrial development policies to put into practice and yield positive results.	开发性金融债券是宏观政策传导机制，把商业银行短期和分散的资金有效转化为大额长期资金，降低金融市场系统风险，推动产业政策“落地生根”、“开花结果”。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Against the backdrop of lingering international financial crisis and economic downturns, China should respond to the growing uncertainties in global and domestic environment by maintaining stability and cope with any potential challenge based on its experience and good practice.	面对国际金融危机和经济下行严峻形势，内外环境不确定因素增多。 中国应该以稳定应万变，以中国成功的经验和好的做法，应对可能出现的问题。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
During its commercialization, CDB should sustain the positioning of “bond bank” and its characteristics of bond issuance and long and mid-term credit loans. Meanwhile, it should take on a development path different from that of commercial banks, bypass its disadvantages and make best use of advantages in long and mid-term businesses to create competitive differentiation.	开行商业化转型仍然需要坚持“债券银行”，仍然是以发债筹资和中长期信贷为主要特色的银行，需要走与传统商业银行不同的发展路子，扬长避短，发挥中长期业务优势，实现与其他商业银行差异化竞争。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Part Four Governance structure: Democratic Funds and Financial Management	第四部分: 治理结构：资金民主管理、财务民主管理	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance should constantly refine governance structure, coordinate and regulate the relationship with all stakeholders, manage funds and financial affairs in a democratic style and strengthen supervision and restraint so as to ensure rational decision-making, improve financial efficiency, achieve world-leading performance and facilitate the objectives of macro policies of the government.	开发性金融不断完善治理结构，协调和规范开发性金融与所有利益相关者之间的关系，实现资金民主管理、财务民主管理，强化监督制约，保证决策科学化，提高金融效率，努力达到国际一流业绩，确保实现政府宏观政策目标。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Governance structure is a concrete reflection of an organization’s operating style and strategic ideas, and also serves as the basis and precondition of effective management.	治理结构是一个组织的经营风格和战略思想的具体体现，是保证有效管理的基础和前提。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The success of international financial institutions can first and foremost be attributable to their efficient governance structure.	国际金融机构的成功首先要归于拥有一个高效率的治理结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In recent years, as national development finance institution, CDB has constantly reformed its governance structure, which has yielded a few positive results. Nonetheless, it still needs to deliberate upon issues such as how to reflect the particularity of development finance in the reform and meet the specific needs of commercialization.	这些年来，开行作为国家开发性金融机构，治理结构模式不断改革，取得一定成绩，但是，如何在改革中体现开发性金融的特殊性，如何适应特殊商业化的需要，需要深入研究。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
I. Specific characteristics of the governance structure of development finance	一、开发性金融治理结构的特殊性	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The unique characteristics of development finance determine the particularity of the governance structure.	开发性金融的特殊性决定了其治理结构的特殊性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The most special feature of development finance derives from its specific task of fundraising and risk management of medium and long-term construction of the state.	开发性金融最大的特殊性，是由其承担国家中长期基础建设融资和风险管理的特殊任务决定的。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In this sense, the governance model of development finance falls into the category of public governance.	从这个意义上说，开发性金融治理模式属于公共治理的范畴。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance institutions (DFIs) are special financial entities belonging to the country and with state credit and empowerment. They mainly provide financing services for long and mid-term national development like infrastructure sector, basic industries and other public undertakings, and support for the country’s “going global” strategy.	开发性金融机构是国家所有的、具有国家信用的、由国家赋权经营的特殊金融实体，其实质是政府以市场化手段实现战略目标的工具，主要是为国家中长期基础建设包括基础设施、基础产业等公共事业提供融资服务，为落实国家“走出去”战略服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In essence, such institutions are an instrument for the government to realize strategic objectives through marker-based means. Different from commercial banks whose operations are profit-oriented and also different from policy banks which merely engage in policy financing service, DFIs, as special financial enterprises, render financing services in some immature areas in need of support in line with the requirement of the government while urging the long and mid-term development of the county with their own sustainable growth.	作为一个特殊的金融企业，既要按照政府的要求，在一些不成熟的又必须支持的领域提供融资服务，又要实现良性循环，以自身的可持续发展支持国家中长期发展。 这与商业银行以盈利为目标开展业务活动具有很大不同，与政策性银行比较单纯的从事政策性融资服务也有很大不同。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Owing to the distinctive attribute of governance structure, DFIs should, based on the governance pattern of common companies, commercial banks or policy banks, take full consideration of the functional particularity so as to determine governance model consistent with the features of development finance.	因此开发性金融治理结构有一定的特殊性，既要参考一般公司或银行的治理模式，又要充分考虑其职能的特殊性；在具有一般公司治理模式、一般商业银行治理模式、一般政策性银行治理模式的基础上，形成反映开发性金融特点的治理模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The governance structure of development finance should meet the following eight requirements: a) clear strategic objective and values are established inside the bank; b) effective work mechanism for serving the national strategy is developed; c) responsibilities of internal units are well defined so as to share information and resources and improve efficiency; d) ensure that the members of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors are qualified, work independently and fulfil their duties; e) ensure the smooth progress of internal audit and inspection; f) ensure the remuneration system is consistent with the bank’s ethnics, its goals, strategies and control environment; g) conducive to cultivating sound financial culture; and h) practice corporate governance in a transparent environment.	开发性金融治理模式应该有八项基本要求：一是，在银行内部确立明确的战略目标和价值理念；二是建立有效的服务国家战略的工作机制；三是，内部机构有清晰的责任划分，能够确保信息共享、资源共享，有利于提高工作效率；四是，确保董事会、监事会成员胜任工作，确保两会成员工作不受外部影响，确保高层管理人员行使职权；五是，确保内部审计和稽核工作顺利开展；六是，确保薪酬制度和银行的道德价值、目标、战略和控制环境相一致。 七是，有利于培育健康金融文化；八是，在信息透明的环境下行使公司治理。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
These requirements are based on the market positioning, intend value, business characteristics, marketing model and risk management of development finance.	这八项基本要求主要基于开发性金融的市场定位、价值所在、业务特征、营销模式、风险管理。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Market positioning: DFIs are long-term lending banks and wholesale financing institutions, and mainly provide financing services for key projects and sectors that are crucial to national development strategy and involve long period and large uncertainties.	市场定位：开发性金融是长期债信银行和批发性金融机构，主要为期限较长、不确定性较大并且符合国家发展战略的建设项目和重要领域提供融资服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In this respect, DFIs are clearly distinct from commercial banks which generally provide short and mid-term loans and working capital loans and stress the self-liquidity of loans to ensure the security and timely recovery of assets.	在这一点上，与商业银行明显不同，商业银行一般是中短期贷款的提拱者，为了保证资金安全和及时收回，强调贷款的自偿性，主要提供流动资金贷款。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It is the mission of development finance to provide financing services in immature areas and at the same time, ensure the safety of funds.	开发性金融既要保证资金安全，又要在那些不成熟的领域提供金融服务，这是一种责任和使命。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Intended value: as financial intermediary, DFIs carry out risky transactions to realize the efficient allocation of financial assets and promote economic growth.	价值所在：开发性金融作为金融中介，进行风险性交易，实现金融资产有效配置推动经济增长。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In other words, DFIs mainly engage in long-term, uncertain transactions, which involve much larger risk than that of commercial banks and have systematic influence on financial and economic security. If successful, these transactions will bring fruitful results — this is exactly the intended value of development finance.	开发性金融主要开展中长期不确定性交易，这种交易的风险性比商业银行大得多，对金融安全和经济安全有系统性影响，做好了，其价值所在应该更加明显。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Business characteristics: the wholesale business has determined the intensive feature of development finance; however, with the reform and advance, development finance business will become diversified and DFIs should make according innovations.	业务特征：开发性金融批发业务决定了开发性金融集约化的特征，但是随着改革和发展，开发性金融业务会逐渐多元化，开发性金融机构也应该做相应的创新。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Marketing model: in this regard, DFIs should learn from commercial banks, strengthen market-based functions and establish marketing mix including brand marketing, service marketing, price marketing, advertising and comprehensive marketing to integrate all available resources and enhance competitiveness.	营销模式：在这一点上开发性金融应该向商业银行学习，尽可能增强市场化功能，改进营销模式，实行品牌营销、服务营销、价格营销、广告营销、全面营销等，建立组合营销模式，力求整合所有资源，提升市场竞争能力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Risk management: to ensure the virtuous circle of funds and avoid risks, development finance needs to not only follow the general principles of commercial finance in business operations, but also develop policy supporting system like the compensation mechanism subsidized by public finance and the governmental debt service fund to guarantee the recovery of loans.	风险管理：为了实现资金的良性循环和规避风险，开发性金融除了业务操作环节遵循商业性金融的一般原则，还要通过政策支撑体系构筑组合融资方式保障贷款回收，如建立财政支持的合理的利益补偿机制，建立政府偿贷债务基金。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
II. Experience of governance reform from foreign financial institutions	二、国际金融机构治理改革经验和启示	sample2-en-sample2-zh
There are two governance models in international commercial banks: horizontal governance model with the branches as operational center, and vertical governance model with the head office departments as the command center.	国际商业银行治理模式有二种：一种以分行为运作中心的横向治理模式，一种以总行部门为运行和指挥中心的纵向治理模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For a long period, whether in the Europe, the Americas or Asia, the banking sectors have unanimously adopted the geographically-based governance model dominated by branches.	很长时间，无论是欧洲还是美洲或者亚洲，银行业几乎无一例外地采取以地区为中心、以分行为主导的治理模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
But over the past four decades, this trend has greatly changed to emphasis on banks’ system management with businesses as the main line, thus significantly weakening the functions of branches and strengthening the functions of banking departments of the head office.	不过近40年多来，这种趋势发生很大变化，改变为以业务为主线，强调银行的系统管理，分行职能大大弱化，总行业务部门职能则得到强化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In this aspect, the US banking sector stands out with such transformation brought in 50 years ago.	在这方面，美国银行业做的比较出色，50年前就开始了这种改变。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
One case in point is Citibank, whose organizational structure went through three transitions between the 1960s and 1990s, and each transition turned out effective in responding to competitive pressures.	例如，花旗银行的组织结构在20世纪60-90年代发生了三次转型，每次转型都成为应对外部竞争压力的有力措施。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the 1960s, adopting the recommendations of McKinsey & Company, Citibank replaced the geographical organizational structure with the product division structure and established the personal banking, commercial banking, corporate banking and international banking departments, in addition to the department of investment managers and the operations department which was designed to provide support for the other sections.	20世纪60年代，花旗银行采纳麦肯锡管理顾问公司的建议，放弃地区性的组织结构，改为按照产品划分组织结构，设立了个人银行业务部、商业银行业务部、公司银行业务部、国际银行业务部四个部门，另设投资经理部和主要为其他各部服务的操作部。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the 1980s, Citibank had three banking departments – the institutional banking, personal banking and investment banking departments, two supporting departments – the finance & information service and legal & external affairs, and several committees.	20世纪80年代，花旗银行设有三个业务部门，即机构银行业务部、个人银行业务部和投资银行业务部，两个服务部门即金融与信息服务部和法律与外部事务部，还有若干公司委员会。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In early 1990s, to streamline the levels of decision making, it further reformed the organizational structure and established a group with 15 members which later were reduced to 12.	20世纪90年代初，花旗银行进一步改组原来的组织结构，减少决策层次，设立15人小组，后来又削减为12人。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In recently years, Citibank has introduced the concept of organizational design, regard customer demand as a key principle of organizational reform and attach more importance to internal coordination.	近年，花旗银行的组织结构又进行了改革，引进了组织设计概念，把客户需求作为组织改革的一个重要原则，更为注重组织内的协调与配合。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It can be concluded that the success of Citibank partly lies in its efficient organizational structure.	可以说，花旗银行的成功经验之一是拥有一个高效率的组织结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
However, as the economic and financial development and the political regimes, traditions and the like vary from country to country, the commercial banks in different countries have their particular organizational forms and systems.	但是，由于各国经济金融发展的不平衡以及在政治体制、历史沿袭等方面存在的巨大差异，各国商业银行的组织形式和制度各具特色。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Thus, in theory, there is no such organizational structure that is applicable to banks of all countries.	因此，从理论上说，不存在一种适应所有国家所有银行的“万灵”的组织机构模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
While learning from the governance of foreign commercial banks, China should reform the development finance governance based on its particular conditions.	中国开发性金融治理改革在参考国际商业银行治理经验时需要考虑中国的实际情况。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The international experience – both positive and negative, in development finance governance models, is illustrative.	国际上开发性金融治理模式一些经验教训也值得借鉴。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, KfW Entwicklungsbank, a development finance institution intended to revitalize the German economy in coordination with the European Recovery Program, was jointly funded by the state and federal governments according to the KfW Law in 1948.	德国复兴信贷银行是二战后成立的开发性金融机构。 1948年为了配合美国欧洲复兴计划在德国的实施，西德政府依照《德国复兴信贷银行法》，由联邦政府和各州政府共同出资建立旨在重建和发展本国经济的德国复兴信贷银行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The sustainable development capability of KfW, whose capital was provided by the federal and local governments, lie in the combination of state credit and the rules of market economy, independent operations under protection of relevant laws and regulations, as well as the dual-layer operation and supervision structure within its organization.	作为一家开发性金融机构，实行国家信用和市场经济规则相结合，在相关法律法规保障下自主开展业务，资本金由联邦政府和地方政府提供，内部组织采取经营和监管双层结构，这是其获得持续发展能力的重要原因。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For another example, the Development Bank of Japan (DBJ), previously known as Rehabilitation Finance Corporation, was established in 1951 to supply long-term funds for industrial development and social and economic advance and supplement the insufficient long-term funds of private financial institutions.	日本战后成立”复兴金融公库”,1951年4月改为日本开发银行，其目的是供给长期资本，促进产业的开发和社会经济发展，以弥补民间金融机构长期资本的不足。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the 1950s and 1960s, the Bank played a vital role in Japan’s industrialization and the later economic revitalization.	日本开发银行在二十世纪五十至六十年代，对日本工业化及其以后经济起飞发挥了重要作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
However, the excessive intervention of the government in the bank’s operations entailed various defectives and thus posed huge risk.	但是由于政府运作和政府过度干预，造成日本开发银行种种弊端产生巨大的风险。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Under the impact of the Asian financial crisis in 1997, the Japanese government had to reconstruct it and established the Development Bank of Japan in October, 1999, also known as Japan Policy Investment Bank.	1997年，在亚洲金融危机的冲击下，日本政府不得不对其进行改组，依据新的《日本开发银行法》，1999年10月成立了新的日本开发银行也叫日本政策投资银行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
After restructuring, the Development Bank of Japan, with funds provided by the government pursuant to law, has developed the “planning-implementation-feedback” supervision mechanism and internal operation assessment system, which overcome the previous drawbacks of excessive administrative intervention and improves the management-dominated governance model.	改组后的日本开发银行，资金由政府按相关法律提供，建立“计划-实施-反馈”监督约束机制和内部营运评估体系，这在一定程度克服了原先过度行政干预的情况，完善了经营者控制型的治理模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As can be seen from the above, the governance models of KfW and DBJ share the following characteristics: a) the models are conducive to the realization of the government’s objectives; b) the government provides full capital to ensure the bank’s funding source; and c) the combination of external supervision and internal governance restructuring enhances the operating efficiency.	不论是德国复兴银行还是改组后的日本开发银行，其治理模式有一些共同特点：一是有利于实现政府目标；二是政府提供全额资本金保障资金来源；三是外部监管和内部治理结构改革相结合，保证提高运行效率。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, based on the inspiration from the aforesaid features, the governance reform of China’s development finance should give full consideration to its particular circumstances, which is conducive to improving operating efficiency and realizing the State’s strategic goals.	这些特点给中国的启示是: 开发性金融治理改革需要考虑其特殊性，有利于实现国家战略目标，提高运行效率。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
III. Basic ideas of governance reform of development finance	三、开发性金融治理改革的基本构想	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Considering the particularity and fundamental philosophy of development finance and the industry’s requirements for it, the basic ideas of its governance reform are proposed and summarized as: one main line, two focuses, three systems, four characteristics and open structure.	考虑到开发性金融的特殊性和基本理念，以及业界对开发性金融的基本要求，作者对开发性金融治理改革的基本构想是：一条主线、二个中心、三大体系、四大特征、开放结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
One main line — “serving the national long and mid-term development strategy”: we should make full use of the unique advantages of development finance, collaborate the domestic and overseas markets, build efficient work mechanism and rationally allocate strategic resources of national development to support the financial security, economic security and national security.	一条主线：以服务国家中长期发展战略为业务主线，发挥开发性金融特有优势，统筹国内国际两个市场，建立有效工作机制，筹配国家发展战略资源，为金融安全、经济安全和国家安全服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Two focuses — strategic customers and strategic projects: we should strengthen relation management and strategic cooperation with customers, improve bank governance and lay a solid foundation for the expansion of development finance.	二个中心：以战略客户和战略项目为中心，强化客户关系管理和战略合作，改进银行治理，夯实开发性金融发展基础。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Maintaining important customers is essential to achieve first-class business performance and has significant influence on the quality of credit assets and on the operating results of the bank.	稳定重要客户是一流经营业绩的基本保障，对银行信贷资产质量和经营业绩影响重大。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Without customers and projects, banks are like water without a source, or a tree without roots.	没有客户和项目，银行就成为无源之水、无本之木。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As the customer’s value grows with time, it is a long-term strategic task for development finance to maintain sound customer relations and fortify organic, co-dependent relationship with key customers.	特别是客户的价值随着寿命的延长而增加；保持良好的客户关系，建立重要客户与开发性金融共生存、共发展的有机联系，是开发性金融的一项长期战略任务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Highlighting customer relation management is not only related to product prices and quality, but also the transparency and service quality of the bank.	强化客户关系管理既有产品价格与品质问题，更有银行透明度和服务质量问题。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It is far from enough for a bank to maintain its advantages in satisfying product demands of the customers by merely reducing the interest rate.	仅靠降息已无法保持一家银行在传统客户产品需要上的优势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Instead, the bank should endeavour to provide innovative, customer-specific services and increase transparency so as to develop strategic projects and consolidate market share.	应当从改善客户服务入手，增加银行透明度，为客户量身定制，以创新的服务做好战略项目的开发和市场份额的巩固。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The bank needs to nurture new financial service ideas, take quality and value as its core, guarantee the growth via integrated financial services and supply chain, strive for projects and positive performance by enhancing customer satisfaction and realize development goals through customer lifetime value.	因此，需要建立全新的金融服务理念，以质量和价值为核心，以一体化的金融服务和供应链为保障，通过提高顾客满意度得到项目和绩效，通过顾客终身价值实现目标和发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Development finance should focus on strategic customers and strategic projects to strengthen relationship management and strategic cooperation with customers, and may consider the four dimensions with respect to governance structure: First, CDB should improve the marketing structure of financial services, including the organization’s core advantages, value communication, value delivery and performance evaluation.	开发性金融以战略客户和战略项目为中心，强化客户关系管理和战略合作，在治理结构上可考虑四个方面：一是改进金融服务营销结构，包括：组织核心、价值沟通、交付价值和绩效评估。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Specifically, the essentials of the four above-mentioned aspects are to: a) analyze market environment and competitive situation, and prudently forecast development scale and capabilities; b) recognize customer value and understand customer satisfaction and the voice of customer; c) provide customized and integrated services based on market segmentation and differentiated disadvantages; d) establish evaluation criteria which takes customer value into full consideration.	组织核心的要点是评价市场环境、分析竞争形势、慎算发展规模和能力；价值沟通的要点是理解客户价值，了解掌握客户心声和客户的满意度；交付价值的要点是市场细分，差异优势，适应客户需要，提供一体化的供应和服务；绩效评估的要点是建立评价标准，并在标准中考虑客户价值的体现。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, we should develop differentiated service strategies for old and new customers, namely, to win new customers and maintain old ones.	二是建立新老客户差别化服务战略。 对新老客户采取不同的战略，即争取新客户，维持老客户。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will attract new customers by increasing market share, expanding market occupancy and the like.	争取新客户：通过提高市场份额、扩大市场规模等方式吸引新客户。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Meanwhile, to retain customers, we need to improve customer satisfaction, know the dynamics of rivals and promptly adjust service strategies.	维持老客户：以减少障碍和增加客户满意度方式留住老客户，特别是要频繁接触和了解竞争对手情况，随时调整服务策略。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, the Customer Asset Management System (CAMS) should be developed.	三是建立客户资产管理体系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As an important part of financial service strategy, CAMS entails developing key features of customer service quality, designing understandable and satisfying response languages and establishing a complete set of customer asset and resource model.	客户资产管理体系是金融服务战略中的重要内容，包括：确定为客户服务质量的关键特征，设计客户能够满意和理解的应答语言，建立一套完整的客户资产、资源模型。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fourth, we should launch teamwork-based model for customer and project services.	四是打造“团队式”客户和项目服务模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The customer- and project-cantered financial system is an essential part of modern finance. Thus, we will further improve the system of customer and project managers, clarify responsibilities of the front, middle and back offices, select appropriate customer and project managers based on personal traits and work characteristics and set up account manager and project teams.	进一步完善客户和项目经理制度，区分“前、中、后”台工作责任，根据个人特点和工作特点选择合适客户和项目经理，组建客户经理和项目团队。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With ever-increasing competition on the financial market, it is imperative for development finance to systematically study the customer- and project-centred financial service system, develop financial service marketing strategies, standards, methods and performance appraisal system suited to the particular conditions of China and determine market segments and target markets, and the customer relationship strategy conducive to market objectives.	建立以客户和项目为中心的金融体系是现代金融的重要组成部分。 随着金融市场竞争的加剧，开发性金融十分必要系统地研究以客户和项目为中心的金融市场服务体系，研究适合国情的金融服务营销战略、标准、方法、绩效考核制度，制定明确的细分市场和目标市场，以及为实现市场目标的客户关系策略。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Three systems — business expansion, risk control and supporting departments: first, business departments can be divided by customer segment so that a certain department specific for particular customer group, as the front office of overall business procedures, can provide direct service for customers.	三大体系: 设立业务拓展、风险控制和支持保障三类部门系统。 一是，根据客户群划分相应的业务部门，形成一个业务部门针对一组客户群的业务拓展系统，作为整体业务流程的前台，直接为客户提供服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
At present and in the near future, the customers of CDB can be classified into six categories: government departments, large state-owned enterprises, large private businesses, small and medium enterprises, vulnerable groups and international customers.	从开行目前和将来一段时期看，开行的客户群可以大致分为六类：政府类客户、大型国有企业类、大型民营企业类、中小企业类、弱势群体类、国际类客户。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Business expansion lines should be set up according to different customer segments, which is conducive to the provision of customer-specific services and the development of corresponding management measures.	根据不同的客户群，设定相应的业务拓展线，有利于提供量体裁衣的针对性服务，也有利于行内制定相应的管理办法和措施。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, from the perspective of risk control, we need to develop a risk management system which integrates internal and external resources and combines business sections and general administration departments.	二是，从控制风险的角度考虑，建立行内行外相结合的、业务部门与综合管理部门相结合的风险管理体系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To facilitate regulatory interactions, we should proactively set up the joint supervision mechanism in coordination with regulatory authorities, local governments and all circles in the society.	主动与监管部门、地方政府和社会各界建立联合监督机制，形成监管互动。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Party committees, audit department and business sectors should control potential risks before, during and after their occurrence from different perspectives.	行内党务、稽核等部门与业务部门从不同的角度对可能存在的风险进行事前、事中、事后控制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Meanwhile, the comprehensive risk management concept should be advocated in the whole bank to implement relevant requirements of the Basel Capital Accord.	同时，在全行树立全面风险管理理念，落实巴塞尔协议相关要求。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Figure 14-1: Development finance institution	图14-1：开发性金融机构	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Four features — flat, flexible, outsourcing and professional organization internally: First, flat organization means reducing intermediate hierarchies, expanding control coverage of management and promoting the transmission and communication of information.	四大特征：内部组织结构体现“扁平化、柔性化、外包化和专业化”。 第一，扁平化，即减少中间层次，扩大管理的控制跨度，促进信息的传递与沟通。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The finance and the industrial sector are co-independent, and the governance structures of them influence each other and are inter-related.	金融与产业相伴相生，两者的治理结构相互影响、相互联系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Consistent with the top-down pyramid organizational structure at the early stage of industrialization, the financial organization also took on a vertical hierarchy at that time.	与工业化早期自上而下、层级森严的金字塔型组织结构相匹配，早期的金融组织也呈现出一种非常明显的垂直型层级结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the 21st century, the knowledge-based economy relying on information technology has promoted the industrial sector to shift from the previous vertical organizational structure to the new flat structure change, and accordingly, the governance reform of financial institutions is also showing a trend toward flat structure.	21世纪以信息技术为基础的知识经济促进产业部门由过去的垂直型组织结构向新型的扁平化组织结构转变，相应地，金融机构的治理改革也呈现出扁平化的趋势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The traditional management theory believes that each manager can control only 7 to 9 people, and beyond this range, it will lead to inefficient management, but thanks to the development of information technology, the span of control has been expanded to 20 to 25 people, and even up to hundreds of people in some service industries (such as the financial sector).	传统管理理论认为每位管理人员最多只能管理7-9人，超出这个跨度，就会导致管理的低效，但是由于信息技术的发展，现在许多企业的管理跨度己经扩大到20-25人，在一些服务性行业(如金融业)，甚至高达上百人。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, flexible organization means that it can respond rapidly to changes and make timely adjustment according to the consequence of change.	第二，柔性化，是指具备对变化快速反应，以及适时根据变化的结果迅速进行调整的灵活性和协调性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Based on customer needs and the priorities of business, we should form the appropriate team by breaking out of the limitation of functional departments and hierarchies to efficiently allocate the talents with different expertise to arouse the collision of knowledge and fusion of ideas, which is conducive to solving complex problems such as the R & D of financial products and the marketing of large projects.	以客户需求和重点业务为基础组建相应的工作团队，突破职能部门和等级制度的局限，将具有不同专长的人才进行高效的配置，通过知识的碰撞和观念的融合，解决诸如金融产品研发、大型项目营销等各类复杂问题。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For the purpose of rapid response to external changes, timely adjustments of the relevant team can be made if necessary so as to maintain the competitive edge.	为了对外部变化实现快速反应，必要时可及时调整相关团队以保持竞争优势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, through outsourcing, CDB can draw support from social forces by contracting with them and providing them guidance like professional training, so as to extend some of CDB’s businesses and internal functions to external community while maintaining its core value.	第三，外包化，是指借助社会的力量，通过专业培训等指导，以契约化的形式，将开行的某些业务延伸到社会，实现内部功能的外部化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In this way, CDB can reduce transaction cost, improve operating efficiency and serve the society.	保留核心价值，将价值链中的某些环节拓展到外部，增加价值递增的空间和功效，降低交易成本，提高运营效率，服务社会。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Specifically, CDB should retain knowledge-intensive activities that reflect its own competitive edges, and should outsource non-core businesses that will require high technology and substantial resources if operated by itself, and outsource other mature, standard and non-advantageous activities as well.	具体来说，开行应关注能够最终体现自身竞争优势的知识密集型活动，将自己内部生产时需要投入大量资源、尤其是技术含量较高的非核心业务和其他成熟的、标准的、不能体现领先优势的活动外包出去。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fourth, professional organization means embodying characteristics of an expert bank.	第四，专业化，即体现专家银行的特征。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We should concentrate on providing professional services in terms of team building and organizational setup, determine positions and units according to business needs and realize the organic combination of the departments which independently fulfil their own duties and cooperate with each other.	在队伍建设和机构设置上以提供专业服务为核心，根据业务需要定岗、定机构，同时，在各部门之间实现既分工又协作的有机结合。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Moreover, we should unify the allocation of resources, facilitate the access to information and provide integrated services.	此外，实行资源统一调度、信息多角度和服务的一体化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Specifically, we will ensure the resources can be rapidly motivated and allocated to the needy business, no matter where they are or when they are demanded.	不管资源在什么地方、什么时候，一旦重大业务需要，均可以迅速的得到响应和调配。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will ensure the leaders, according to the need of decision making, can gain multi-channel, timely access to internal and external information, especially the international information; and the employees can quickly receive top-down information and professional information based on the need of business operations.	领导根据决策需要，能够多渠道、及时地获取内部信息、外部信息，特别是国际信息；员工根据业务操作需要，能够全方位、快速地得到面上的信息和专业信息。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Meanwhile, we will build an efficient service system which integrates all resources of the Bank to provide one-stop, 24/7 services for strategic customers and projects.	同时，建立一种高效服务体系，集全行之力，为战略性客户和战略性项目提供全天候、一站式服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Open structure — the business-oriented matrix structure based on divisional organization: With the expansion of CDB and the diversification of businesses, its organization form also calls for corresponding adjustments, and one appropriate choice for this may be the divisional organization, in which several divisions are set up according to the businesses of development finance institution, or in other words, according to products, regions or customers.	开放结构：以业务为导向，在事业部基础上建立矩阵式开放结构。 随着银行规模的增大和业务的多元化，组织形态也要做出相应调整，事业部制可能是比较适当的一种方式。 按开发性金融所经营的业务划分部门，即按产品、按地区或按顾客等，设立若干事业部。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Currently, the branches are set up by geography and the subsidiaries are divided according to products. We may consider establishing divisions in line with customers and strategic fields and grant them with independent internal accounting and decision-making right of their operations.	现在各分行是按地区成立的，一拖二公司是按产品设立的，将来还可以考虑按顾客和战略性领域建立事业部，实行相对独立的内部核算，在内部经营管理上拥有较大自主性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Thus, the division responsible for vertical management and regional branches for horizontal coordination will together constitute a matrix structure.	事业部制与总分行制相结合，形成事业部纵向管理、地区分行横向协调的矩阵式结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Moreover, CDB will, based on the organizational structure of “four platforms and one association” (management platform, lending platform, guarantee platform, supervision platform and credit association), motivate the resources of all circles of the society to extend the grassroots network of development finance and fortify an open system.	开行还要借助社会各界力量，以“四台一会”（组织平台、融资平台、担保平台、公示监督平台和信用协会）组织架构为基础，延伸开发性金融的基层网络，形成开放体制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To this end, the following preparatory work must be accomplished: First, a clear and well-defined strategic development plan must be formulated.	为此，必须做好基础工作：第一，具有清晰的战略发展规划。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The adjustment of organizational structure should be made step by step under the direction of explicit strategic objectives and the responsibilities of relevant departments should be clarified according to the tasks they undertake.	组织架构的调整需要在清晰的银行发展战略目标指引下，按照一定的计划、步骤和程序稳步进行，并明确相应部门的岗位职责，以任务定机构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, a unified database and smoothly-operating information system must be developed.	第二，具有统一的数据库和畅通的信息系统。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The Head Office needs a centralized database and advanced data processing system as technical support to control the operations of branches and departments. Meanwhile, the departments and organizations at all levels also need a smooth information delivery system to communicate timely and manage and share information through digital, network-based approach.	总行控制分支机构和部门运营需要一个集中、统一的数据库及先进的数据处理系统作为技术支持，各部门各层级的及时沟通也需要畅通的信息传递系统，以高度数字化、网络化方式管理和共享信息。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, a sound accounting system and employee performance evaluation system must be in place.	第三，具有完备的会计核算系统和员工绩效考核体系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Only under the support of such accounting system of internal management, can we scientifically verify the cost-efficiency of products, evaluate the business in an all-round way and precisely measure the contribution of the employee.	只有在这种内部管理会计系统的支持下，才有可能做到对产品成本收益的科学核算、对业务的全面考核以及对员工岗位贡献的准确度量。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The open matrix structure is a crucial trend of the transformation of bank governance structure, and the essence of matrix structure is to minimize hierarchies in structure design and form a complementary relationship between departments and between individuals, so that the entire organization is similar to the “UFO” in shape and can conduct activities in the economic sphere with minimal friction coefficient.	矩阵式开放结构是银行治理结构变化的重要趋势。 其核心要义是银行结构设计要尽量地减少层次，使部门与部门之间、人与人之间形成一种互补关系。 整个机构能类似“飞碟”形状，能以最小的摩擦系数遨游经济太空。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
IV. Governance reform of development finance is a progressive process	四、开发性金融治理改革是渐进的过程	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It is a progressive and innovating process for the aforesaid envisagement to come true.	实现上述构想是渐进的过程，是创新的过程。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
And whatever comes up in the process, development finance will not be impeded by any challenges.	开发性金融会遇到很多困难，但不能被困难挡住。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Only with innovation can an institution maintain advantages in the fierce competition and realize its reform and development objectives.	因为只有创新，才能在激烈的市场竞争中保持优势，实现改革与发展目标。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a national development finance institution founded in 1994, CDB comprises 37 branches, 2 representative offices and 2 wholly-owned subsidiaries.	开行作为国家开发性金融机构自1994年成立以来，经过十多年发展，形成了37家分行、2家代表处和2家控股子公司的组织架构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Compared to the giant organizational structure of ordinary commercial banks, CDB has a small number of staffs, outlets and hierarchies.	相比一般商业银行庞大组织机构，开行的组织结构具有人员少、网点少、层级少特点。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With the deepening of commercialization reform and the expansion of business, CDB needs to refine its organizational structure through the following measures:	随着商业化改革的深入和业务规模的扩大，开行的组织结构需要从以下方面加以完善：	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. The decision-making role of the Board of Directors and the management and the supervisory function of the Board of supervisors should be brought into full play.	1、充分发挥董事会、管理层的决策作用和监事会的监督作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With the deepening of commercialization and the establishment of cooperation, the key to the reform of CDB is to build sound governance structure and transform the operating mechanism.	随着开行商业化进程的不断深入和股份公司的设立，建立良好公司治理结构、转换经营机制，是开行改革的核心和关键。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
CDB needs to step up the development of a mechanism of effective communication and the checks and balances between the decision-making body based on the Board of Directors, the executive body led by the President and the oversight body led by the Board of Supervisors, and form a modern financial corporate governance structure with Chinese characteristics.	开行需要加快建立和完善以董事会为主的决策机构、以行长为主的执行机构以及以监事会为主的监督机构的有效联系与制衡机制，形成富有中国特色的现代金融企业治理结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In such governance structure, the Board of Directors is primarily responsible for determining the overall development plan, risk management objectives and market positioning, and developing incentive and restraint mechanism and internal control mechanism based on the targets; the management is responsible for independent and efficient operations and management; and the Board of Supervisors plays an irreplaceable role in decision-making and risk control.	董事会主要负责制定总体发展规划、风险管理目标和市场定位，制定与所实施目标一致的激励约束机制和内部控制机制；经营管理层相对独立高效地负责经营和管理；监事会在开行经营决策和风险控制中有不可替代的重要作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Based on the sound corporate governance structure, a mutually independent, vertical risk management structure will take shape.	在完善的公司治理结构基础上，建立相互独立的、垂直的风险管理组织框架。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. CDB will actively transform management philosophy.	2、积极转变经营管理理念。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On one hand, we need to build the management philosophy of creating value for shareholders and take steps to infuse the concept of value management into business operations and management to realize sustainable business development; on the other hand, we need to shift the constraint management philosophy from funds constraint to capital constraint so as to propel the optimization of economic capital allocation.	一方面需要树立为股东创造价值的经营管理理念，逐步将价值管理的理念引入到经营管理当中，通过对价值的管理实现业务长期持续的有效发展；另一方面，需要树立资本约束的经营管理理念。 变资产约束为资本约束，促进经济资本配置的不断优化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To guide the direction of business development and accomplish the optimal yield-risk portfolio, we should take into consideration of both immediate interests and long-term strategic targets and allocate the economic capital among various risks, management levels and products in a reasonable way.	需要兼顾短期效益与长期战略目标，将有限的经济资本在各类风险、各个管理层级和各种产品之间进行合理分配，有效引导业务发展方向，实现最优化的收益风险组合。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
3. The corporate governance structure will be constantly improved.	3、不断完善公司治理结构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On one hand, we will promote the reasonable diversification of ownership structure, propel the strategic restructuring and mergers by introducing strategic investors, steer insurance funds and social security funds to development financial projects, steadily and rapidly expand the assets under management and rationalize and standardize decision making and benefits distribution with diversified and reasonable ownership structure.	一方面促进股权结构合理多元化，积极引入战略投资者，推动战略性重组和兼并，引导保险资金和社保资金参与开发性金融项目，稳健迅速地扩大管理资产规模；形成多元产权主体，以合理的股权结构促进经营决策和利益分配的科学化、规范化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On the other hand, we should energetically advance the building of a “process bank”.	另一方面需要大力推进建设“流程银行”目标。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Under the customer- and project-centred and market-oriented principles and for the purpose of lean, efficient and flat organization, we will launch organizational structure reform to boost the connection between product departments and customer departments, integrate business processes in an all-round way and establish strict and clear internal system of rights and responsibilities and transform the inefficient extensive business model with overlapping of functions and business items, so as to realize flat organizational system, comprehensive business functions, centralized information processing and globalized operations and management.	按照“精简、高效、扁平化”和“以客户和项目为中心，以市场为导向”的原则，进行条块组织机构变革，解决产品部门与客户部门的对接问题，全面整合经营流程，建立严明的内部权责制度，走出职能重叠、业务交叉、效率不高的粗放式经营模式，实现组织体系扁平化、业务功能综合化、信息处理集中化和经营管理的国际化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
4. Multiple forms of social organizational structure will be expanded.	4、拓展多种形式的社会化组织模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The livelihood undertaking is a strategic focus of national development and also an important “blue ocean” business of development finance.	民生领域是国家发展的战略重点，也是开发性金融重要的“蓝海”业务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Owing to limited staffs and institutions, CDB is bound to take a new path rather than distribute outlets throughout the country — a route that has been taken by commercial banks when promoting grassroots businesses of livelihood.	开行人员和机构网点少的现实情况使得开发性金融在推进民生基层业务时，不可能走商业银行在全国设点的老路。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On the basis of “four platforms and one association” (management platform, lending platform, guarantee platform, supervision platform and credit association), CDB will make best use of its advantages by relying on government credit and the support from all sectors of the society to extend the grassroots network, urge county-level financial organizations to operate in line with the concept of development finance, and support rural economic development.	开行需要继续扬长避短、发挥政府组织增信的优势，借助社会各界力量，以“四台一会”组织架构为基础，延伸开行的基层网络，推动县域金融组织体系按开发性金融理念运转，支持县域经济发展和社会主义新农村建设。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
When time is mature, it may launch pilot programs to set up county-level branch offices in selected areas with solid foundations and broad cooperative prospects and then make use of such experience to explore the social structure applicable to a wide range of regions.	在时机成熟时，可选取一些基础好、业务实、合作前景广阔的县域地区作为试点，设立开行的县域分支机构，总结经验，以点带面，探索适合大范围推广的社会化组织模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
5. The new structure of scientific management of modern financial corporation will be framed.	5、构筑现代金融企业科学管理新架构。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
First, we will introduce category management based on the characteristics of products and service targets, tighten authorization, refine the orderly, flexible and efficient internal operating mechanism, constantly improve market adaptability, resilience and core competitiveness and grow into an organization capable of standing up to any test.	一是，根据产品特点和服务对象，分类管理，授权把关，进一步完善有序灵活、高效运转的内部运作机制，不断提高市场的适应能力、应变能力和核心竞争力。 培育能打硬仗的新团体。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, we should energetically introduce innovative decision-making talents, aspiring management personnel, farsighted financial faculty and market-adaptable compound talent, adopt the talent competition mechanism, provide equal opportunities throughout the process of recruiting, employing, nurturing, promoting and retaining talents and establish the employment mechanism of the survival of the fittest.	二是，积极聘请改革创新的决策型人才、奋力开拓的经营管理人才、面向未来的金融人才和适应市场的复合人才。 全面引入人才竞争机制，提供平等表现机会，在招人、用人、培养人、提拔人和留住人各环节，建立一套优胜劣汰的用人机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, we should enhance the CDB’s new image of high quality and diversified services and formulate systematic service plan concerning service philosophy, service methods, services technology, service channels, service team and the like while streamlining business processes, reducing intermediate processes and improve service efficiency under the premise of effective management.	三是，提升开行高质量、多元服务的新形象，在服务理念、服务方式、服务技术、服务渠道、服务队伍等方面，形成系统化的服务战略计划，在管理到位的前提下，最大限度地简化业务流程，减少中间环节，提高服务效率。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Convenient, efficient, value-added and high-quality services will be delivered to the customers via the internet and other advanced means.	充分利用先进的网络和手段，为客户提供快捷、高效、准确、低成本和多附加值的优质服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Additionally, we will firmly stick to our credit commitment and strive to win customers’ respect and trust with high-quality services.	特别重视信用承诺，用优质服务赢得客户的尊重和信赖。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Part Five Market-based and Standardized Management Mode	第五部分: 管理模式：市场化、规范化	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To strengthen operational efficiency and core competitiveness, development financial institutions should constantly improve management mode and strive for diversified services, market-based operation and standardized management.	开发性金融不断改进管理模式，实现服务多元化、运行市场化、管理规范化，提高运营效率，增强核心竞争力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With the deepening of China’s reform and opening up, development financial institutions (DFIs) are experiencing changes in the operational environment, approaches and tasks, and accordingly their management modes need constant improvement.	随着中国改革开放不断深化，开发性金融运行的环境、方式和任务都在发生变化，管理模式也需要不断完善。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It is essential for DFIs to actively carry out management innovation, and strive to tap their own potential, stimulate the inherent vitality and enhance the capabilities for grasping market opportunities, perceiving financial risks and integrating resources.	开发性金融积极开展管理模式创新，努力挖掘自身潜力，激发内在活力，提升敏锐把握市场机会的能力、敏锐感知金融风险的能力和强大的整合资源的能力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
I. Innovation of Management Mode	一、管理模式创新	sample2-en-sample2-zh
DFIs should persist in the innovation of management mode and endeavour to create increasing market value and social value while satisfying the financing needs for medium and long-term development of the state.	开发性金融坚持管理模式创新，在满足国家中长期发展融资需求过程中创造更多的市场价值和社会价值。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To cope with the global financial crises, financial institutions have generally stepped up reform and innovation.	应对全球金融经济危机，各大金融机构都加快了改革和创新。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the key stage of commercialization reform, DFIs are faced with even more arduous task of management mode reform and innovation.	开发性金融站在当前商业化改革关键时期，管理模式改革和创新的任务更加繁重。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On one hand, such reform and innovation is driven by the ever-changing situations.	一方面是形势使然。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
From a macro perspective, to reconstruct a new international financial order is an irresistible historical trend, and major financial institutions should take this opportunity to make a difference. At the meso level, financial markets are experiencing a new round of restructuring characterized by large scale, all-round functions, globalization, network-based approaches and diversified means, thus placing new demands on the management mode of financial institutions. At the micro level, financial concepts are changing.	从宏观看，重建国际金融新秩序正在形成一股不可阻挡的历史潮流，重要金融机构应该有所作为；从中观看，金融市场正在出现“规模大型化、功能全能化、范围国际化、形式网络化、手段多样化”为特征的新一轮重组，对金融机构管理模式提出了新的要求；从微观看，金融理念正在发生变化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, a growing number of financial institutions are looking for development opportunities on market segments, and believe that information is the basis of the bank’s security and there is an upper limit of loan proceeds and lower limit of loan losses.	例如：在细分市场寻找发展空间，信息是银行安全的基本保险，贷款收益有上限、损失无下限等。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
These ideas to some extent reflect the trend and characteristics of financial development, and DFIs should advance with the times.	这些理念一定程度上反映了金融发展的趋势和特点，开发性金融机构需要与时具进。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
One the other hand, the necessity for reforming the management mode is determined by the function of CDB.	另一方面是任务使然。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a national development financial institution, during the commercialization, CDB should, based on the reality and in line with the market-oriented principle, concentrate on the medium and long-term national development strategies and unify the financial reform and economic development to avoid homogenization.	开行作为国家开发性金融机构，在进行商业化改革过程中，需要紧密联系实际，围绕国家中长期发展战略，把金融改革与经济发展统一起来，立足市场化，避免同质化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It is essential for CDB to sustain financial innovation on medium and long-term businesses, stabilize economic cyclical changes with medium and long-term investment and financing and develop into a distinctive commercial bank rather than a traditional deposit-taking bank.	开行需要继续坚持有中长期业务特色的金融创新，发挥中长期投融资平抑经济周期波动的独特作用，把开行办成有特色的商业银行，而不是以吸收储蓄为基础的传统商业银行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Also, CDB needs to persist in financial innovation with characteristics of development finance. To fill gaps in the market and the lack of credit, it should incorporate system development, market construction and credit building into financing promotion, build the market micro-foundation and transmission mechanism for financial operations and transform the non-financial, non-market and non-credit areas into financial and market fields that commercial banks can have access to, and enable these areas to be an integral part of the market economy.	开行需要继续坚持有开发性金融特色的金融创新，针对市场空白和信用缺损，在融资推动中加入制度建设、市场建设和信用建设的内容，构建商业金融运作的市场微观基础和传导机制，把广大非金融化、非市场化、非信用化的领域建设成金融的、市场的、商业银行可以进入的领域，成为市场经济的有机组成部分。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a development financial institution engaging in the wholesale business, CDB has stretched its presence across the capital market and credit market, and as explicitly specified by the central government, the risk weights of credit and bonds shall remain unchanged during the transition.	开行作为从事批发业务的开发性金融机构，横跨资本市场和信贷市场，在转型过渡期，中央明确规定债信风险权重不变。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The regulatory authority is likely to adjust this based on the particular situation after the transition, but it is believed that no significant change will take place.	在过渡期后，主管部门完全有可能根据实际情况而定，相信不会发生很大的变化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The State Council’s program on the reform of CDB approves it to set up wholly-owned or controlled investment subsidiaries and investment banking subsidiaries, which provides favourable conditions for DFIs to expand investment business.	在国务院关于开行改革方案中，开行获批以独资或控股的形式分别设立股权投资和投资银行子公司，为开发性金融发展投资类业务提供了良好条件。 这是重要的体制优势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
DFIs should make full use of such important institutional advantage and seek for further advances based on the new situation by carrying forward previous good practice.	开发性金融充分利用好这一体制优势，在继承过去优良做法基础上结合新情况，开创新思考、新实践，一定会有新发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
II. Innovation of Risk Management Mode	二、风险管理模式创新	sample2-en-sample2-zh
DFIs should constantly renovate the risk management mode and develop a long-acting risk management mechanism to minimize credit risks of medium and long-term national development.	开发性金融坚持风险管理模式创新，建立风险管理长效机制，确保中长期建设信用风险控制在最低程度，让人民放心，让国家放心。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Banks are enterprises specialized in risk management.	银行是经营和管理风险的企业。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
According to Basel III, by January 2015, the lower limit of tier-1 capital adequacy ratio of global commercial banks will be raised to 6% from the current 4%, the minimum proportion of the core tier-1 capital constituted by ordinary shares in the bank’s total risk assets will be increased from 2% to 4.5%, and the bank shall also set capital conservation buffer, whose total amount may not be less than 2.5% of the bank’s risk assets.	根据《巴塞尔协议III》规定，到2015年1月，全球商业银行的一级资本充足率下限将从现行的4%上调至6%，由普通股构成的“核心”一级资本占银行风险资产的下限将从现行的2%提高至4.5%。 另外，银行还应设立“资本防护缓冲资金”，总额不得低于银行风险资产的2.5%。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Therefore, to build a long-acting risk management mechanism for development finance is not only an important part of CDB’s reform and development, but also the requirement of implementing the regulatory rules of Basel III.	因此，全面构建开发性金融风险管理长效机制,既是开行改革与发展的重要内容,也是落实《巴塞尔协议III》监管规则的要求。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Such a mechanism, based on comprehensive understanding of the bank’s risks and capable of self-improvement, is an organic combination of risk management mechanism, decision-making mechanism, transmission mechanism and operating mechanism, with a view to ensuring the timely adjustment and optimal effects of risk management.	风险管理长效机制，是在对银行风险进行全面掌握基础上建立的、具有内在自我完善功能的风险管理体制、政策决策机制、组织架构体系以及法规制度设计、传导、执行机制的总和；是由风险管理基础体制、决策机制、传导机制和运行机制有机组合的综合机制，其目的在于保证风险管理动态化和效果最优化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As an integrated development financial institution, CDB has always taken prudent risk management as a principal policy. During 2007, CDB made significant adjustments in its risk management system, namely, from credit risk management to an enterprise-wide risk management system. The Credit Management Department was renamed as the Risk Management Department and its roles and responsibilities redefined as the enterprise-wide risk management department of the Bank. The Risk Management Department is responsible for managing bank-wide credit risk, market risk and operational risk.	开行作为综合的开发性金融机构，一直以稳健的风险管理为立行之策，2007年对全行风险管理体系进行了重大调整，由信用风险管理转向全面风险管理，并将信用管理局更名为风险管理局，全面负责全行信用风险、市场风险和操作风险的管理。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
While sustaining support for infrastructure and other major projects, development finance has been expanded to the county economy, grass-roots business, livelihood projects and “going global” business, and is faced with growing diversified credit risks; in addition, with the acceleration of market-oriented reforms of interest rates and exchange rates and the expansion of international business, there is also a great challenge of market risk management and operational risk management.	随着开发性金融业务在继续支持基础设施等领域重大项目建设的同时，扩大到县域经济、基层业务、民生工程和走出去业务，面临的多元化信用风险程度逐渐增加；且伴随中国利率与汇率市场化进程的加快与国际业务的扩大，开发性金融市场风险管理与操作风险管理工作也面临更大挑战。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In response to the new situations, CDB should concentrate on the innovation of risk management system, method, technology and culture to improve the overall capabilities for risk prevention and control.	为有效应对新情况、新变化，开发性金融风险管理工作需要紧紧抓住“四个创新”，从制度、方法、技术和文化上整体提高风险防控能力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. Innovation of risk management system First, we will highlight compliance and fortify the institutional foundation for risk management.	在风险管理制度创新方面：第一，加强合规建设，健全风险管理的制度基础。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will strictly follow the over 60 regulations and normative documents such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Banking Regulation and Supervision and the Management Measures for Capital Adequacy Ratio, develop relevant implementation rules and measures in accordance with our own situation, ensure compliant operation and base the long-acting risk management mechanism on a solid legal foundation.	研究《中华人民共和国银行业监督管理法》、《资本充足率管理办法》等60多项规章和规范性文件，继续扎实贯彻实施这些法规，并结合自身实际，制定相关实施细则和办法，真正做到合规运作、依法经营，把风险管理长效机制建立在坚实的法制基础上。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, the socialised risk management mechanism will be established.	第二，构建社会化风险管理机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will develop an all-round, whole-process risk management system led by the Risk Management Committee and shift the focus of risk management from real risks to potential risks, from post-risk rectification to pre-risk control and from the management of risk assets to the management of asset risks.	以风险管理委员会为核心,建立全方位、全过程风险管理组织体系，实现风险管理重点三个转变:即从现实的风险向潜在的风险转变，从风险的事后处置向风险的前期控制转变,从风险资产的管理向资产风险的管理转变。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, we will improve risk analysis and early-warning mechanism.	第三、建立和完善风险分析和预警机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On one hand, we will establish the early warning system for risk monitoring and evaluation covering all business risks to prevent and resolve risks including credit risk, market risk and operational risk by promptly forecasting and identifying risks and accurately quantifying and scientifically estimating risks with the measurement model. On the other hand, we will develop an effective capital constraint, asset-liability proportion management and risk management constraint mechanism, and enhance the capacity for risk prevention and control.	一是建立覆盖所有业务风险的监控和评价预警系统，对包括信贷风险、市场风险、操作风险在内的各种风险能够早期预警，及时识别，并能够通过计量模型对风险进行准确量化、科学定价，做到及时预防和化解风险；二是建立有效的资本约束、资产负债比例管理和风险管理约束机制，增强防控风险能力。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fourth, we will develop accounting information management and disclosure system featuring group synergy to improve the transparency and effectiveness of information disclosure and ensure the accuracy and completeness of the information disclosed.	第四、建立集团协同的财会信息管理和披露机制。 进一步提高信息披露的透明度，增强信息披露的有效性，确保信息披露内容的准确、完整。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fifth, we will establish a socialised risk prevention and management system at the grassroots level.	第五、建立基层社会化风险防范组织体系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To boost the development of county areas, new countryside and SMEs, we will adhere to the grassroots business management mode in which government cooperation is the basis, lending-backing institutions and platform building is a measure, and risk sharing and compensation serves as a guarantee. We will also take measures such as staff extension, centralized promotion and front-office handling of businesses to develop a risk control mechanism covering the whole process of grass-roots lending business.	在支持县域、新农村建设和中小企业发展方面，坚持“以政府合作为基础，以助贷机构和平台建设为手段，以风险分担和补偿为保障”的基层业务管理模式，通过人员延伸、集中宣介、业务前移等，建立覆盖基层贷款业务全流程的风险控制机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Sixth, we will refine the credit management system and improve post-lending management in an all-round way.	第六、建立和完善信贷管理制度，全面提升贷后管理水平。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
A set of detailed operational rules for key matters of post-lending management will be designed.	针对贷后管理重点事项，创新设计一系列操作细则。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, considering a region as a whole, we will formulate corresponding rules for the implementation of internal control throughout the process of lending management, and incorporate the pre-lending verification, lending review and post-lending inspection into the systematic credit management standards.	例如：根据 “收受挂钩、收评挂钩、收贷挂钩”三挂钩政策，把一个地区作为整体统筹考虑，制定相应实施细则，对信贷管理全流程实施内部控制，在贷款发放前审核、贷款发放过程中复核、贷款发放后延伸检查，打造成体系的信贷管理规范。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. Innovation of risk management measures First, adjust the product pricing approach.	在风险管理手段创新方面：第一、调整产品定价方式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Commercial banks determine the pricing based on two aspects: first, the customers’ own profitability and the adequacy of their own funds; second, the customers’ ability to raise funds and the adequacy of external cash flow.	商业银行对客户的定价依据有两个：一是客户自身的盈利能力，自有资金是否充足；二是客户的筹资能力，外部的现金流是否充足。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the case of capital surplus, the fundamental factor determining pricing is no longer credit risk, but the competition and market price.	在资本盈余情况下，决定定价的基本因素已不再是信用风险，而是竞争和市场价格。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Thus, it is necessary for CDB to shift from credit risk pricing to competition-driven pricing.	开行有必要考虑把信用风险定价转为市场竞争定价。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Evidently, the mark-to-market pricing method also entails cost pricing and risk-based pricing.	当然，在按市值定价时，也要有成本定价、风险定价的成分。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, strengthen loan supervision and inspect guaranties and collaterals.	第二、加强贷款监管,对担保、抵（质）押物实行跟踪检查评估。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will, on one hand, closely oversee the qualification changes of guarantee platforms and loan guarantee agencies to prevent misconducts and, on the other hand, strengthen the government’s supervision over financing platforms and stringently implement the separated management of income and expenditure to ensure the payment and rational use of risk compensation and eradicate improper retention and misappropriation of funds and malicious evasion of debts.	一方面密切监控担保平台和担保类助贷机构的资质变化，防止违规操作；另一方面，强化政府对融资平台的监督管理职能，严格实行“收支两条线”制度，保证财政风险补偿金到位和合理使用，杜绝资金截留、挪用和恶意逃废债务的现象发生。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, develop the safeguard mechanism for the growth of syndicated business.	第三、建立完善银团业务发展保障机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will concentrate on syndicated loans, strengthen business coordination, standardize syndicated business operation and refine the performance evaluation and incentive mechanism.	以银团贷款为中心，加强业务统筹协调，规范银团业务操作，强化业务考核完善激励机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fourth, establish a scientific risk management mode.	第四、建立科学的风险管理模式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will strive to: a) implement the key concept of “risk compensation” throughout the credit approval and management process; b) separate credit policy formulation, implementation and supervision in terms of institutional setup to ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of the mechanisms of checks and balances and constraint; c) optimize the asset structure and improve the overall return on assets based on the combination of loan issuance and post-lending portfolio management and through active portfolio management; d) effectively prepare the ground and focus on risk management at the grass-roots level, relieve the burdens of front-line credit personnel and allow them to gain in-depth understanding of customers and make technical credit risk analysis; and e) establish a credit risk management qualification system and a continuous learning mechanism to ensure the smooth operation of risk management in terms of human resources.	一是把“风险补偿”这一关键理念贯彻到整个信贷审批和管理过程；二是从机构设置上把信贷政策制定、执行和监督检查三项工作分离，确保制衡和约束机制的足够性和有效性；三是把贷款发放和贷后组合管理结合起来，逐步透过积极主动的组合管理不断优化资产结构，提升总体资产回报率；四是切实做好基础工作，把精力放在风险管理工作的根部而非顶部，让一线信贷人员减负，深入客户动态了解情况并进行技术性的信贷风险分析。 五是建立信贷风险管理任职资格制度以及持续学习机制，从人力资源上确保风险管理顺利进行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It is essential for CDB to comprehensively and effectively manage various internal risks by applying scientific risk management mode; achieve the whole-process risk management through advanced risk identification, judgement, monitoring, control and transfer technologies; and realise effective coordination and linkage between different levels of business units and staff by clarifying risk management functions and responsibilities to establish a risk management system aimed at credit enhancement.	开行需要通过科学的风险管理模式实现对银行内各类型风险的全面有效管理；通过先进的风险识别、衡量、监测、控制和转移技术，实现对风险的全过程管理；通过合理明确的职能划分，实现风险管理职责在各业务部门之间、上下级之间的有效协调和联动管理，建立以促进信贷增值的风险管理体系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
3. Innovation of risk management technologies First, accelerate the information-based risk management.	在风险管理技术创新方面：第一，加快风险管理的信息化建设。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
By making full use of modern information processing and communication technologies, we can establish sensitive information collection, processing and feedback mechanisms and complete information exchange channels covering risk management dimensions like risk monitoring, risk analysis and non-performing assets disposal, and build a whole-process risk management information network system as technical support to optimize risk management and take decision-making and management activities in a proactive and well-targeted manner.	充分利用现代化的信息处理和通讯技术，建立灵敏的信息收集、加工、反馈机制和完整的信息交流渠道，涵盖风险监测、风险分析和不良资产处置等风险管理环节,构建全过程风险管理信息网络体系,为提高风险管理水平提供技术支撑，加强决策和经营管理活动的针对性和主动性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, step up the development of risk measurement model.	第二、加快开发风险管理计量模型。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We should, on the basis of risk management information system, develop highly operable risk control and management methods which can be easily quantified, explore risk measurement models regarding loans, financial transactions and other investment activities, and integrate the risk management information system and the risk measurement system to enhance the early warning function of risk monitoring.	在风险管理信息系统的基础上,研究开发易于量化、操作性强的风险控制与管理方法,探索建立贷款、资金交易和其他投资活动的风险计量模型,并将风险管理信息系统与风险计量系统进行集成,全面提升风险监测的预警功能。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, accelerate the improvement of internal rating system.	第三、加快改进和完善内部评级体系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will launch efforts to: a) establish an appropriate internal rating approach in accordance with the credit personality of CDB’s customers and the large amount and long maturity of single loans; b) develop the underlying database of internal rating; c) increase the proportion of front office-based risk management in internal rating system; and d) validate the rating system on a regular basis and improve the consistence between the whole system and details.	一是针对开行贷款客户的信用个性及单笔贷款额度大、期限长的特点,建立适合开行的内部评级法。 二是建立和完善内部评级基础数据库。 三是加大风险管理关口前移在内部评级体系中的比重。 四是重视评级系统的验证工作,定期进行验证,协调、完善系统整体与局部内容的统一性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fourth, further improve the measures for stress test management.	第四、进一步完善压力测试管理办法。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will strengthen the sensitivity test on significant risk factors and the scenario test on multiple risk factors changing simultaneously to ensure that the stress test can be carried out in a regular, institutionalized and standardized way.	切实加强对重要风险因素敏感性测试和多个风险因素同时变化的情景测试，确保压力测试工作的常规化、制度化和规范化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fifth, reinforce special analysis on material matters influencing the Bank’s profits and losses.	第五、强化对影响全行损益重大事项的专项分析。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We will: a) closely keep track of and analyze the influence of market changes and force majeure events on the Bank’s profits and losses, such as the exchange loss caused by the exchange rates of US dollar and British pound against RMB, the book loss caused by impairments of equity and bond investments, the interest income decrease caused by the reduced interest rate of RMB, and the decline in asset quality caused by earthquake; b) rationalize the allocation of profitable resources and support the expansion of foreign exchange credit and international business by utilizing domestic resources; c) strengthen the operational efficiency analysis on special businesses, particularly the analysis of income from business derived from loans, the analysis of inter-bank non-interest income and the analysis of return on investment; and d) accelerate the development of profitability analysis system, provide product profitability analysis statements on credits, bonds and other mature products with large asset-liability ratio, and measure the promotional effect of technical assistance loans through management accounting method to realize the optimal balance between scale, risk and efficiency.	一是密切关注、分析市场变化和不可抗力事件对损益的影响，如：美元、英镑兑人民币汇价变动形成的汇兑损失、股权及债券投资减值形成的账面损失、人民币利率下降导致的利息收入下降、地震导致的资产质量下降等重大事项。 二是优化盈利资源配置，通过“以内补外”支持外汇信贷和国际业务发展。 三是强化专项业务经营效益分析，重点开展贷款派生业务、同业非利息收入分析、投资业务回报分析。 四是加快推进管理会计盈利分析系统建设，侧重对信贷、债券等资产负债占比较大且数据较为成熟的业务出具产品盈利分析报表，同时运用管理会计方法测算技术援助贷款推动效应，做好规模、风险和效益的综合平衡。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
IV. Innovation of Risk Management Culture Risk management culture, an important part of the bank corporate culture, is a fusion of elements like operating philosophy, risk management concept, risk management behaviour, risk ethical standards and risk management environment of modern commercial banks.	在风险管理文化创新方面：风险管理文化是一种融合现代商业银行经营思想、风险管理理念、风险管理行为、风险道德标准与风险管理环境等要素于一体的文化,是银行企业文化的重要组成部分。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
CDB needs to enhance the employees’ sensitiveness and understanding of risks by delivering a wide range of risk education and highlighting risk assessment all through business process, emphasize risk awareness throughout the conscious action of all employees, establish an all-round risk management concept covering all departments, business lines and products, and advocate the whole-process risk management culture which includes risk monitoring, management and disposal prior, during and after the occurrence respectively.	开行需要通过广泛的风险教育和重视业务环节的风险评估，培养所有员工对风险的敏感和了解,并将风险意识贯穿于所有员工的自觉行动中，树立囊括各个部门、各项业务、各种产品的全方位风险管理理念,推行涵盖事前监测、事中管理、事后处置的全过程风险管理文化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Banks’ risk management is a systematic project and requires long-term planning, supporting and convergence; in other words, business processes, credit decision-making and internal restructuring should complement with other each whilst the development of business system and the adjustment and training of banking professionals need to be carried out simultaneously.	银行风险管理是一个系统工程，需要有长期计划、配套和衔接，也就是说：业务流程、信贷决策及内部机构重组需要配套进行；业务体系建设要与银行专业队伍的调整与培训同步进行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Only with a long-acting mechanism for credit risk management can the bank ensure the sound and sustainable growth of development finance.	只有建立银行信贷风险管理的长效机制，才能确保开发性金融健康持续发展。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
III. Innovation of Business Management Mode To strengthen service brand and provide quality services for customers, development financial institutions should persist in the innovation of business management mode and build an integrated service system.	三、业务管理模式创新 开发性金融坚持业务管理模式创新，建立一体化服务体系，打造服务品牌，为客户提供又好又多的服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In recent years, China’s economic and financial environment has witnessed significant changes.	近些年来,中国经济金融环境正在发生显著变化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
First, with the progression of market-oriented reform of interest rates, the loan-deposit spread has a growing tendency to narrow down and it is difficult for banks to maintain long-term growth by simply relying on the income from interest rate spread. Second, with the rapid development of capital markets, it is an irresistible overall trend that a lot of funds are flowing from banks and directly into the financial market, and financial disintermediation is emerging. Thus, the banks, unlikely to maintain stable source of funding if relying on traditional businesses, are now under increasing pressure to survive. Third, the competition among banks is increasingly fierce. State-owned commercial banks, joint-stock commercial banks and urban cooperative banks have become major players in the financial competition; in particular, after China’s entry into the WTO, foreign banks with advanced management ideas and mature management methods are swarming into the domestic market, smashing the traditional pattern of the banking sector. In terms of business scope, the geographical and industrial restriction has been broken, replaced by overlapping business and all-round competition.	一是利率市场化进程正逐步推进,存贷利差水平缩小趋势日益明显,银行靠单纯的存贷利差收入很难长期维持生存;二是资本市场发展迅速,大量资金从银行流出,进入直接金融市场的总体趋势无法改变,金融市场 “脱媒”现象逐步显现,银行靠传统的业务难以保住其相对稳定的资金来源,生存压力不断加重;三是银行间的竞争日趋激烈,国有商业银行、股份制商业银行、城市合作银行成为金融竞争的主体,特别是中国入世后,具有先进经营理念和成熟管理手段的外资银行不断进入,国内银行业传统的分工、分业格局被打破,银行的经营范围不受国界、地域、行业的限制,取而代之的是业务的全面交叉和全方位竞争。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With the market-based transformation of areas like the infrastructure, basic industries and pillar industries, their financing modes have been progressively mature and thus the traditional business space of DFIs will be shrinking.	对于开发性金融而言，随着 “两基一支”等领域市场化程度逐步提高，融资模式日趋成熟，开发性金融传统业务空间会逐渐缩小。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
From the perspective of business management, as DFIs have limited varieties of products and source of profits mainly from issuing bonds and granting loans, it is of urgent and realistic significance for them to strengthen innovation on assets, liabilities and fee-based businesses.	从业务管理角度看，开发性金融目前主要以发债、贷款等业务为主，产品品种少，利润来源单一，需要在资产业务、负债业务和中间业务方面加大创新力度，这对开发性金融发展具有十分紧迫的现实意义。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. Innovation of assets business First, steadily promote the innovation of lending business.	在资产业务创新方面：第一，稳步推进贷款业务创新。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The measures include: strengthening financing support for hi-tech industrialization, launching pilot program on consumer credit, exploring derived business and renovating new forms of loans like syndicated loans, M&A loans and factoring loans (with accounts receivable as collaterals).	加大对高新技术产业化的贷款支持力度，试点消费信贷，开拓贷款派生业务，创新银团贷款、并购贷款和保理贷款（以应收账款抵押的贷款）等新型贷款形式。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, develop equity investment business.	第二，发展股权投资业务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
DFIs can, by making use of the favourable policy of being permitted to set up equity investment companies after the transformation into joint-stock company, concentrate on the initiation of projects, make direct investment and hold corresponding shares of the enterprise to increase the ratio of investment income and open up a new pattern of the sources of profit.	侧重于发起、参与项目的创建，进行直接投资，并拥有企业相应的股权。 利用开发性金融机构在转制为股份公司之后，获准设立股权投资公司的利好政策，提高开发性金融投资收益比例，形成开发性金融利润来源新格局。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, energetically expand overseas credit business.	第三，大力拓展海外信贷业务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Amidst the economic globalization and international economic governance reform, China’s economic development mode is shifting from relying on “bringing in” to focusing on both “bringing in” and “going global”.	在经济全球化和国际经济治理改革进程中，中国正在由当初“引进来”为主的经济发展模式逐步向“引进来”和“走出去”相结合的方向转变。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a development financial institution, CDB has vigorously expanded international business by emphasizing international cooperation, actively implementing the “going global” strategy and seeking for business opportunities on a global scale.	中国国家开发银行作为中国的开发性金融机构，高度重视国际合作，积极实施 “走出去”战略，在全球范围内寻求商机，大力开拓国际业务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
By January 2012, CDB had reported a foreign exchange loan balance of more than USD200 billion, stretched its coverage over 113 countries, and became the largest foreign investment and financing bank in China.	截至到2012年1月，开发性金融外汇贷款余额已经超过了2000亿美元，业务范围涉及到113个国家，成为中国最大的对外投融资银行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Apparently, overseas credit business has just come to the fore, ready to embrace the ample opportunities waiting ahead.	显然，这方面业务还刚刚开始，还有更多商机在后面。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. Innovation of liabilities business Liabilities business to a large extent is a business about weighing the risks and returns and entails four links of identification, measurement, operation and monitoring.	在负债业务创新方面：负债业务是权衡风险收益的业务，包括识别、衡量、经营、监控四个环节。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
We can identify liquidity and interest rate risks through measures like gap analysis (maturity gap), re-pricing and maturity re-determination, identify credit risks by loan rating, recognize foreign exchange risks through exposure positions, and measure risk positions, short-term gains and long-term returns based on indicators such as interest rate spread, net interest margin, return on assets and net assets market value.	采用缺口分析（期限缺口）、重新定价或重新确定期限等措施识别流动性和利率风险，通过贷款评级识别信用风险，通过敞口头寸识别外汇风险，采用利差、净利差、资产收益和净资产市场价值等一系列指标衡量风险头寸、短期收益和长期收益。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a development financial institution engaged in wholesale business, CDB needs to maintain sustainable growth of capital and shareholder value during its commercialization.	开行作为从事批发业务的开发性金融机构，在商业化改革中，需要保持资本和股东价值的可持续增长。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
First, capital replenishment mechanism will be developed.	第一，建立资本金增加补充机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
After the capital injection of USD20 billion by Central Huijin Investment Ltd. in 2007, the capital adequacy ratio (CAR) of CDB increased to 12.77%, but it will demonstrate a downward tendency year by year due to the expansion of loans. To ensure its compliance to the 8% CAR requirements, CDB is in urgent need of establishing a sustainable capital replenishment mechanism.	2007年获汇金公司200亿美元注资后，开行资本充足率提升为12.77％，但随着开行贷款规模的扩大，资本充足率将呈逐年下降趋势，要保证8％的资本充足率标准，急需建立可持续的资本补充机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Specifically, it may increase the core capital by injecting funds into the expanding share capital, enlarge the supplementary capital by expanding the issuance of medium and long-term financial bonds, and increase the share capital through capital operations like going public or injecting funds.	一是可以通过增加资本投入扩张股本规模，增加核心资本；二是扩大中长期金融债券发行规模，增加附属资本；三是必要时争取公开上市、增资扩股等资本营运方式增加股本。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, the innovation of deposit-taking business will be energetically stimulated.	第二，积极推进存款业务创新。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
DFIs can develop new varieties of deposit-taking business and focus on the convertibility of deposits under the premise of security, mobility and efficiency; launch pilot program of deposit securitization and issue large-amount negotiable certificates of deposits to increase the customers’ revenue and mobility; and diversify the source of funding via deposits and other channels.	开发存款业务新品种，注重存款的可转化性，使存款在安全性、流动性、效益性的前提下更具灵活性；试点存款证券化，发行大额可转让定期存单，既增加客户收入又增强流动性。 通过存款等渠道实现资金来源多元化。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, the securitization business will be vigorously renovated and expanded.	第三，积极创新和扩大证券化业务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, a close cooperation mechanism with large and medium commercial banks can be established to transfer their scattered, short-term savings into long-term securitized funds to open up long-term, stable and cost-controllable source of funding for development finance.	比如，以大中型商业银行建立紧密合作机制，将商业银行分散、短期的储蓄资金转化为长期的证券化资金，为开发性金融开辟长期、稳定、成本可控的资金来源。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Also, in order to steer funds in Central China to support the its development, western assets can be securitized to serve as a bridge for funds in the central area to flow into the western region.	再比如，开展西部资产证券化，以西部证券为载体，架起中部资金通往西部的桥梁，引导中部资金支持西部开发。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
3. Innovation of fee-based business The integration of traditional credit business and the capital market has been a trend of the banking sector.	在中间业务创新方面：传统信贷业务与资本市场相融合是银行业发展趋势。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
DFIs can, by leveraging their own advantages and based on lending, actively steer focus to security financing while maintaining credit financing; develop diversified financing portfolios associated with capital market operations like corporate bonds, convertible bonds, equity and asset securitization; and provide comprehensive services such as financing planning, loans, underwriting, guarantees and direct investments for the enterprises.	开发性金融利用自身优势，以贷款为基础，发展与资本市场运作相结合的多种融资组合，为企业提供融资策划、贷款、承销、担保、直接投资等综合服务。 比如，立足信贷融资，积极向证券融资发展，将现有贷款转变为以贷款为基础，开发与企业债券、可转换债、股票及资产证券化等资本市场运作相结合的融资组合，为企业提供一系列综合服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In particular, to just name a few examples, DFIs can: a) energetically promote the securities underwriting business and enhance their functions in underwriting domestic and overseas government bonds and especially corporate bonds based on the good relations with the government and large enterprises; b) engage in mergers and acquisitions business by looking for the objects of M&A, offering consultancy on trading price and non-price terms and helping arrange financing and bridge loans, corporate restructuring, asset restructuring and other activities; c) vigorously carry out project financing business, keep close relationship with related government departments, financial institutions, investors and project initiators, coordinate project feasibility study with lawyers, accountants and engineers, and arrange financing for the project through bonds and shares issuance, inter-bank borrowings, auctions, mortgages and other means; d) offer corporate wealth management and investment consultancy, and help enterprises develop contingency measures, prepare development strategies and reconstruct financial systems and asset reconstructing programs; e) actively get involved in funds management as funds initiator, manager or underwriter.	积极推进证券承销业务，利用与政府和大型企业集团已有的良好合作关系，在承销政府境内外发债，特别是承销企业债券方面发挥更大作用；积极开展企业并购业务，寻找兼并与收购的对象，提供买卖价格或非价格条款的咨询，帮助安排资金融通和过桥贷款，公司改组和资产结构重组等活动；积极开展项目融资业务，与项目有关的政府机关、金融机构、投资者和项目发起人等紧密联系，协调律师、会计师、工程师等进行项目可行性研究，通过发行债券、基金股票或拆借、拍卖、抵押贷款等形式组织项目投资所需的资金融通；积极开展公司理财和投资咨询业务，开展顾问咨询业务，帮助企业出谋划策，提出应变措施，制定发展战略，重建财务制度及资产重组方案；积极开展基金管理业务，可以作为基金的发起人，也可作为基金的管理者，还可成为基金的承销人。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
IV. Innovation of Strategic Cooperation Mode	四、战略合作模式创新	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To strengthen customer confidence and loyalty and constantly improve competitiveness and services, DFIs need to sustain innovation of the strategic cooperation mode and reinforce cooperation with the ministries, local governments, industrial authorities and enterprises to establish a win-win mechanism.	开发性金融坚持战略合作模式创新，配合中央和地方投资，加强与部委、地方、行业主管部门和企业之间的合作，通过“雪中送炭”，加强银政合作、银行合作、银企合作，建立双赢机制，增强客户信心和忠诚度，不断提升开发性金融的竞争力和服务水平。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
1. Cooperation with the government Cooperation with the government is the core concept of development finance.	在与政府合作方面：与政府合作是开发性金融的核心理念。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To further advance such cooperation, CDB needs to put the concepts of development finance into practice and accomplish the following four transformations regarding bank-government cooperation: first, it should shift from providing funds to proposing advice for local economic development and serve as think tank of the government; second, it should shift from specific project cooperation to all-round economic cooperation based on the overall economic development; third, it should shift from closed cooperation to open cooperation so as to fully tap the market potential, look for new cooperation areas and proactively foster high-quality customers; and fourth, it should shift from short-term cooperation to long-term cooperation to avoid bank-government cooperation being manipulated by some government officials as immediate achievements during their term of office.	为了进一步改进“银政合作”，开行践行开发性金融理念，在处理与政府类客户合作关系上需要实现四个转变：一是，银政合作由“融资”合作向“融智”合作转变，为地方经济发展出谋划策，当好政府参谋和助手；二是，银政合作由项目合作向经济合作转变，超越某个具体项目合作，立足整个经济发展全局，进行全方位的经济合作；三是，银政合作要由封闭式合作向开放式合作转变，充分挖掘市场潜力，寻找新的合作点，主动培育和扶持优质客户；四是，银政合作要由短期合作向长期合作转变，避免银政合作被一些政府官员用来作为短时期内出政绩的手段。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
2. Cooperation with commercial banks CDB should fully tap the potential and areas of cooperation with commercial banks by applying the competitive cooperation strategy.	在与商业银行的合作方面：通过“竞合”战略，充分发掘与商业银行的合作潜力和合作领域。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Given that the commercialization of CDB will intensify the competition with other commercial banks, we need to strengthen the linkage between the Head Office and branches and develop rapid response mechanism to improve the overall competitiveness; meanwhile, we can learn good practices of other commercial banks through competitive cooperation to further improve market functions and fix our own weaknesses.	开行商业化改革后与其他商业银行的竞争会越来越激烈，开发性金融需要加强总分行联动，建立快速反应机制，提高整体应对竞争的能力；需要通过竞争当中的合作，学习商行的一些好的做法，进一步完善市场功能，弥补自身“短板”。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
More importantly, to maintain the role of development finance in guiding the market and building systems, we need to launch extensive cooperation with other commercial banks through the following measures: first, forming syndicates.	更为重要的是，需要通过与商业银行开展广泛合作，继续发挥开发性金融的市场引导作用和制度建设作用。 一是，组建银团。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
CDB should proactively call upon local governments, regulators and commercial banks to form syndicates, facilitate orderly competition and build a new regional financial environment together while rmaintaining its domination over financing.	积极主动向各地政府、监管部门、商业银行倡议组建银团，形成有序竞争，共建区域金融新环境，牢固掌握融资主导权。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Furthermore, CDB may develop Head Office-branch linkage mechanism for the syndication of major projects to enhance its leading bank image and brand effect in the field of syndicated loans.	建立重大项目银团总分行联动体系，强化开行在银团贷款领域主力银行形象，树立开行银团品牌效应。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, strengthening wholesale business.	二是，加强批发业务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The wholesaling approach will be adopted to support the growth of SMEs, and the funds and risks incurred will be shared by CDB and other commercial banks according to certain proportions.	采取批发方式支持中小企业的发展，资金和风险由开行与商业银行按比例共担。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, reinforcing entrusted loans.	三是，加强委托贷款。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Loans can be directly granted to the borrowing platform through signing of loan contract; the borrowing platform, after commissioning commercial banks to relend to qualified SMEs, is responsible for the recovery of principal and interest and the post-lending management.	通过与借款平台签订借款合同, 直接向借款平台提供贷款, 借款平台委托商业银行转贷给经审核合格的中小企业, 并负责项目本息回收、贷后管理工作。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The two platforms are jointly responsible for project acceptance, screening, approval and recommendation.	两平台共同负责项目受理、筛选、评审和推荐工作。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Fourth, boosting inter-city cooperation.	四是，加强异地合作。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
DFIs can sign cooperation agreements with commercial banks located in the same place as the project and authorize them to provide the project with liquidity, revolving loans, temporary loans, settlement agency business and services like principal and interest recovery from settlement account.	与项目所在地的商业银行签订合作协议,由商业银行为所在地项目提供流动资金、周转贷款、临时贷款和结算代理以及从结算账户中协助本息回收等服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
It is understandable that DFIs and commercial banks, as different market entities, are rivals to some extent and distinct from each other in terms of business philosophy and operational procedures.	作为不同的市场主体，开发性金融和商业银行在业务上存在着不同程度的竞争，在经营理念和业务流程上也存在着差异性，这是很正常的。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
However, DFIs should, from the long-term and overall perspective, establish different forms of strategic alliances and long-term cooperation mechanism with commercial banks on the premise of obtaining long-term benefits and supporting national economic growth and financial system development — this is where the fundamental interests of development finance and the responsibilities of DFIs both lie in.	开发性金融应该着眼长远、把握大局，在获取长远利益，支持国家经济发展和金融体制完善的基础上与商业银行建立不同形式的战略联盟，建立长效合作机制，这既是开发性金融的根本利益所在，也是开发性金融机构的责任所在。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
3. Cooperation with corporate customers Bank-enterprise relationship is a type of reputation capital and can compensate the deficiencies of contract and expand the scope of transactions to the extent far beyond where the contract explicitly defines and the legal enforcement can reach.	在与企业类客户合作方面：银企关系是一种信誉资本，可以弥补合约的不足,还可以扩展交易的范围，使之大大超出通过明确合约界定和法律严格执行所能达到的程度。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In the modern economy, banks and enterprises are like both sides of a coin, which are inseparable from each other.	在现代经济中,银行与企业是一个钢币的两面,谁也少不了谁。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Good bank-enterprise relationship not only means the banks have sufficient understanding of the enterprises and have adequate capacity to acquire and analyze information about them; but also means that the banks are able to supervise the misconduct of enterprises and hence significantly reduce the cost of services arising from asymmetric information and moral hazard.	良好的银企关系，意味着银行对企业有着更多了解，更有能力去获取并分析企业的信息。 良好的银企关系，还意味着银行能够更好地监督企业的不当行为，可以明显降低由于不对称信息和道德风险而增加的服务成本。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
With the development of market economy, the interests of banks and enterprises are increasing definite and clear. Meanwhile, on the market of supply and demand of financial resources and financial services, banks and enterprises are having their own choices, and their statuses are also constantly changing — from overpowering superiority of banks to increasing equality and mutual benefits.	随着市场经济的发展,银行和企业各自的利益越来越明确，越来越清晰,同时在整个社会的金融资源和金融服务的供求市场上，银行和企业各自的选择余地也越来越大,企业与银行之间的地位也在不断的发生变化，以前一边倒的现象正在逐步趋向于越来越平等互利。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For these reasons, it is imperative for DFIs, in line with the market-oriented principle and based on efficiency and credit, to build new bank-enterprise relationship for the purpose of win-win results.	基于此，开发性金融必须坚持以市场为导向，以效益为中心，以信用为纽带，以双赢为目标，建立新型银企关系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Considering the imbalance of regional economic development, DFIs should adopt different strategies for establishing bank-enterprise relationships in different regions.	考虑到中国区域经济发展不平衡的现实，开发性金融在不同地区建立银企关系应该有不同的策略。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, in economically developed areas, when practicing the development finance theory, CDB needs to consider how to establish sound relationship with the enterprises on the basis of improving efficiency and how to consolidate such relationship by providing integrated, high-quality services.	比如，在经济发达地区，开行践行开发性金融理论，需要更多地考虑如何在提高效率的基础上建立良好的银企关系，如何通过提供更加优质的综合性服务，发展和稳固银企关系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In underdeveloped regions where enterprises are weak and financial development is relatively backward, bank funds are a major source of funding for these enterprises and even the only source of medium and long-term financing.	在大多数不发达地区，企业实力较弱、金融发展水平也比较落后，银行资金是该地区企业发展资金的主要来源，甚至是中长期资金的惟一来源。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Thus, DFIs should function as the pioneer and engine by providing a relaxed environment and strengthening cooperation with the government and all sectors of society to establish the credit system suitable for local situations and support the growth of enterprises in backward areas.	开发性金融在这类地区，需要坚持“金融为企业开路”,发挥先锋、先导和引擎作用，提供更加宽松的环境，加强与政府合作，加强与社会各方面合作，建立适合当地的信用体系，支持落后地区企业做强做大。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Such an approach is not only conducive to the establishment of solid bank-enterprise relationship, but also to the prevention of fund outflows from these areas.	这样做，不仅有利于在这些地区建立起稳固的银企关系，而且还会对这些地区的资金外流起到一定的抑制作用。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Under the growing impact of the financial crisis on the real economy, strengthening bank-enterprise cooperation based on the particular situation of different regions is a crucial measure to promote coordinated economic and financial development and also a practical choice to jointly overcome challenges and achieve a win-win situation.	在当前金融危机对实体经济影响不断加重的情况下，根据不同地区的情况，切实加强银企合作，是促进经济和金融协调发展的重要途径，是共同应对困难与挑战，实现合作共赢的现实选择。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
V. Innovation of Credit Building Mode	五、信用建设模式创新	sample2-en-sample2-zh
DFIs should constantly renovate the credit enhancement mode, improve the credit appraisal system, build a transparent, fair and institutionalized management mechanism and accelerate the development of credit system.	开发性金融坚持信用建设模式创新，进一步完善信用评审制度，建立公开、公正和制度化的信用管理机制，加快推动信用体制建设。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
First, the system of credit portfolio review should be continuously improved.	进一步完善信用组合评审体系。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Neither equivalent to independent credit rating nor equivalent to the general project review, credit portfolio review comprises credit rating, assessment of credit development and credit risk portfolio management.	信用组合评审不等同于独立的信用评级，也不等同于一般的项目评审。 信用组合评审包括信用评级、信用发展度评价和信用风险组合管理等。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, on the basis of analysis of customers’ credit intention, credit capacity, credit demand and credit cooperation conditions, the credit structure can be put in place through the signing of development finance cooperation agreement, and dynamic risk regulation can be realized by strengthening credit management in the front-office process.	比如，在对客户信用愿意、信用能力、信用需求和信用合作条件分析的基础上，通过签订开发性金融合作协议落实信用结构的构建，通过信用管理前移落实风险动态监管。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Second, further efforts will be launched to build a transparent, fair and institutionalized credit management mechanism.	进一步完善公开、公正和制度化信用管理机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Traditional risk control, based on the identification and quantification of credit risk, is a passive risk control designed to restrict credit risk within a bearable range through risk hedging, prevention, transfer, dispersion, compensation and other means.	传统的风险控制是在对信用风险进行识别和量化基础上通过规避、预防、转移、分散和补偿等手段将信用风险控制在可承受的范围之内，是被动的控制行为。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
In contrast, the credit management mechanism of development finance is an active and dynamic risk control system concentrating on credit building.	开发性金融信用管理机制是以信用建设为核心的风险控制机制，是主动的、动态的风险控制系统。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The core of such system is to realize credit management at front-office level and shift the leader-driven credit management to mechanism-driven management.	这一风险控制系统最核心部分是实行信用管理前移，实现领导推动向机制推动的转变。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
First of all, we can urge the government to set up a credit-building working group, appoint the credit building contacts and establish a credit building joint conference system.	首先，推动政府建立信用建设工作小组，指定信用建设联系人，建立信用建设联席会议制度。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Then, we will define the subject of credit according to the requirement of modern enterprise system, promote democratic and scientific debt decision-making by formulating procedures such as feasibility study, expert consultation and panel deliberation, emphasize institutionalization and standardization, and ensure the compliance of work processes such as bidding, project supervision, engineering insurance, budget audit and project completion acceptance.	其次，按照现代企业制度要求构建信用主体，对债项决策实现民主化、科学化，建立可行性研究、专家咨询论证、小组审议等程序，强调制度化、标准化，包括招投标、工程监理、工程保险、概算审计、工程验收等均需要按照相关规定进行。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Moreover, branches of DFIs can establish corresponding leading groups for credit building and originate contact mechanism with the local government to obtain and supervise the dynamics of credit building of the government.	再次，开发性金融分支机构相应成立专门的信用建设领导小组，与地方政府建立联系制度，监督和掌握政府信用建设的工作动态。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Through the development of institutions and mechanisms, the task of promoting credit building can be effectively fulfilled in the work procedures and mechanisms.	通过机构、机制建设，把推动信用建设的任务落实到工作程序和机制中。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Third, the debt-service mechanism should be introduced and optimized to ensure the virtuous cycle of construction funds.	进一步建立健全偿债机制，确保建设资金良性循环。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To standardize the sources of funding for government loans and promote the building of local financial system, DFIs can launch the pilot system for government debt service reserve fund in some areas.	为了规范政府还贷资金来源、推动地方财政制度建设，开发性金融在部分地区试行政府偿债准备金制度。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To protect the virtuous cycle of construction funds and ensure stable and healthy development, local government should, based on sound planning, prepare the necessary financial resources to cope with potential losses and emergencies.	政府在做好规划前提下，为了保障建设资金良性循环，从各方面准备必要的资金来源，以应对可能出现的损失和紧急情况，这是政府确保当地稳定健康发展的重要措施。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
The local government’s authority and responsibility for urban construction determines its repayment obligations for the financing, and its urban construction income and expenditure analysis are crucial considerations for DFIs to decide whether to grant urban construction loans.	地方政府在城市建设方面的事权责任确定了其对融资的还贷义务，开发性金融城建贷款的基本前提也是基于对其财政在城建方面的收支分析。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Thus, to establish a special debt service reserve fund system according to government financial situation is not only a necessity for the government to regulate financial management, improve financial system and rectify institutional deficiencies, but also an effective means for DFIs to prevent credit risk and improve the efficiency of credit management.	因此，根据政府财力状况建立专项偿债准备金制度，不仅是规范政府财政管理、健全财政制度，弥补体制缺损的需要，而且也是开发性金融防范信贷风险、提高信贷管理效率的有效手段。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For the innovation of credit system, it is a crucial attempt to encourage the government to clarify the sources, financing methods, purposes and management system of debt-service reserve fund and incorporate these into government administrative provisions or local laws and regulations.	推动政府落实和明确偿债准备金的来源，筹措方法、用途，以及管理制度，并且作为政府的一项行政制度或者地方性法规确定下来，是信用体制创新的重要尝试。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
VI. Innovation of Performance Appraisal Mode	六、绩效考核模式创新	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To sustain the growth of development finance and provide sustainable financial services for the medium and long-term infrastructure and social development, DFIs should persist in the innovation of performance appraisal mechanism and mobilize internal and external resources.	开发性金融坚持绩效考核机制创新，调动行内外积极性，确保开发性金融可持续发展，为中长期基础建设和社会发展提供长久的金融服务。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As a product of the reform and opening up, development finance has, during nearly two decades of exploration, vigorously supported and witnessed the significant changes of the Chinese economy.	开发性金融作为改革开放的产物，走过十多年的探索之路，有力地支持并见证了中国经济这些年的巨变。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Strictly complying with the guidance and policies of the central government and applying advanced principles of international finance based on the conditions of China, CDB has, thanks to the collective efforts of all staff, transformed from a traditional policy bank engaging in fiscal financing into a market-based development financial institution integrating national credit and market performance. The Bank has proactively adapted to macro-economic development needs, actively supported the development of medium and long-term infrastructure and weak social fields and opened up financing channels to ensure funds chain for key projects influencing the country’s overall development, thus embarking upon a path of development finance fit for China’s particular situation.	开行干部群众，坚定贯彻落实中央精神和政策，把国际先进金融原理与中国国情相结合，把一个传统的财政融资型政策性银行转变为以国家信用和市场业绩相结合的市场建设型开发性金融机构，主动适应宏观经济发展需要，积极支持中长期基础建设和社会“瓶颈”领域发展，用建设市场的方法打通融资渠道，确保关系国家发展大局的重点项目资金链不断，走出了一条符合中国实际的开发性金融之路。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
While promoting the market credit system and economic advance of China, development finance itself has reported satisfactory business indicators and demonstrated impressive results from the perspective of its own or compared with domestic and foreign financial institutions. Such achievements are attributable to the creativity, courage and dedication of all members of CDB and deserve strong affirmation.	在推进中国市场信用体制和经济发展的同时，开发性金融自身各项经营指标都是不错的，无论是从自身的发展变化，还是与国内外金融机构相比，都显现骄人业绩，这是全体开行人努力的结果，是开行人勇于创新、勇于探索、勇于奉献的结果，值得充分肯定。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
To mobilize the internal and external enthusiasm, sustain the growth of development finance and provide sustainable financial services for China’s medium long-term construction and social development, it is essential to encourage innovation of the performance appraisal mechanism.	为了调动开发性金融机构内外积极性，确保开发性金融可持续发展，为中国中长期建设和社会发展长久地提供金融服务，我们有必要强调创新绩效考核机制。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On one hand, China should establish the stimulus mechanism and risk-return mechanism to mobilize DFIs to engage in development finance.	一方面，国家有必要建立开展开发性业务的激励机制和风险回报机制，调动金融机构开展开发性业务的积极性。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
For example, the government can grant a certain percentage of risk sharing or compensation to development finance operations, provide patent protection and financing concession for the innovation of development finance business mode, or allow lead arranger of considerable fee in syndicated operations; and give policy support to development finance in term of risk assets measurement, concentration supervision, ROC evaluation and taxes, etc.	比如：对开发性业务给予一定比例的风险分担或补偿；对开发性业务模式创新给予专利保护和融资特许权，或在银团操作上允许设计较高的牵头安排费；对开发性业务在风险资产计量、集中度监管、资本利润率考核、税费等方面给予政策支持。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
On the other hand, to keep the shareholders and all sectors of society informed of the operational status of development finance and allow them to supervise the operations, DFIs should work together with them to establish and improve the development finance performance reporting system.	另一方面：开发性金融机构需要和股东及社会各界一起，建立和完善开发性金融绩效报告制度，让股东和社会各界客观了解开发性金融经营情况，监督指导开发性金融工作。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
This is essential to regulate management and mobilize all stakeholders, and should be incorporated into relevant laws of the state.	这项工作应该成为中国相关法律的重要内容，这对于规范管理，调动各方面积极性很有必要。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Furthermore, on the basis of summing up existing appraisal methods and drawing on good practices, DFIs should introduce a scientific performance appraisal system in which frontline workers with excellent performance and staff with outstanding contributions will be rewarded. Such appraisal system constitutes the core section of internal management and control, and is of great significance for DFIs to strengthen management, standardize operations and improve governance.	再一方面：开发性金融机构在总结现行考核办法的基础上，借鉴各方面好的做法，逐步建立科学的考核评价体系，进一步突出奖励第一线优秀工作者，奖励做出突出贡献的职工，这是开发性金融内部管理控制系统的核心部分，对于强化管理，规范运作，完善治理具有重要意义。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
As special financial entities of the country, DFIs should enhance capabilities to facilitate their ultimate goal of supporting socio-economic development, which includes enhancing national competitiveness, improving the government’s ability, promoting the building of a harmonious society and helping realize the national macro-strategic objectives as soon as possible.	开发性金融作为国家特殊的金融实体，应当以增强社会经济贡献力为最终目标。 这个贡献力包括：开发性金融提升国家竞争力、开发性金融改进政府执政能力、开发性金融促进和谐社会建设、开发性金融加快实现宏观战略目标。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
Accordingly, it is necessary for the government departments concerned to establish qualitative and quantitative indicators to evaluate the contribution of DFIs to the socio-economic development, so as to enhance the intensity and effectiveness of reform, promote participation in and support for development finance and encourage DFIs to make further contribution.	国家有关部门需要用定性定量的手段，建立开发性金融社会经济贡献力评价指标，从而提升改革的力度与效果，鼓励更多的人参与和支持开发性金融事业，鼓励开发性金融为国家作出更大的贡献。	sample2-en-sample2-zh
