Training Material for the Foreign Employees	外籍员工培训教材	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Contents	目 录	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Training Material for the Foreign Employees	外籍员工培训教材	sample1-en-sample1-zh
CHAPTER ONE OVERVIEW OF ICBC	第一章 工商银行概况	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section One History of Reform and Achievement	第一节 改革历程与成就	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Two Corporate Governance Framework	第二节 公司治理架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
SectIon Three Status Quo of Internationalization	第三节 国际化发展现状	sample1-en-sample1-zh
CHAPTER TWO BASIC MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS FOR OVERSEAS INSTITUTIONS	第二章 境外机构的基本管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section One Financial Management System	第一节 境外财务管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Two Capital Management System	第二节 资本管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Three Credit Management System	第三节 信贷管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Four Enterprise Risk Management System	第四节 全面风险管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Five Internal Control and Compliance Management	第五节 内部控制与合规管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Six Audit Management of Overseas Institutions	第六节 境外机构审计管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
CHAPTER THREE IT SYSTEMS AND REGULATIONS OF ICBC	第三章 工商银行信息科技系统与制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section One Introduction to the IT Hierarchy of ICBC	第一节 工商银行信息科技体系介绍	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Two Introduction to FOVA	第二节 FOVA系统介绍	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Three Science & Technology Regulations for Overseas Institutions	第三节 境外机构科技制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
CHAPTER FOUR OVERSEAS PRODUCT SYSTEM OF ICBC	第四章 工商银行境外产品体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section One Deposit Products	第一节 存款产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Two Loan Products	第二节 贷款产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Three Settlement Products	第三节 结算产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Four Agency Products	第四节 代理产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Five Bank Card Products	第五节 银行卡产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Six Guarantee and Commitment Products	第六节 担保承诺产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Seven Asset Custody Products	第七节 资产托管产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Eight Investment Banking Products	第八节 投资银行产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Nine Investment and Wealth Management Products	第九节 投资理财产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Ten Treasury Transaction Products	第十节 资金交易产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Eleven E-Banking Products	第十一节 电子银行产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
CHAPTER ONE OVERVIEW OF ICBC	第一章 工商银行概况	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section One History of Reform and Achievement	第一节 改革历程与成就	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. History of Reform	一、改革历程	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Period as a state-owned specialized bank (1984-1993)	（一）国家专业银行时期（1984年～1993年）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (“ICBC”) was formally established on January 1, 1984, mainly responsible for the industrial and commercial credits and savings business previously undertaken by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) in the early period.	1984年1月1日，中国工商银行正式成立。 初期主要负责原来由中国人民银行办理的工商信贷和储蓄业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In the subsequent one decade, ICBC was actively involved in the economic system reform, vigorously supported the national economic development and fully served as a major channel of financing.	在之后的十年里，工商银行积极参与经济体制改革，大力支持国民经济发展，充分发挥了融资主渠道的作用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, ICBC continued to improve its service network, rapidly expanded its business scope, developed a nationwide business network system with a focus on serving urban industrial and commercial enterprises and urban citizens, and established a superior position in Chinese financial industry in basic business areas.	同时，工商银行的服务网络不断健全，业务范围迅速扩展，形成了覆盖全国、重点服务城市工商企业和城市居民的经营网络体系，并在基础业务领域确立了国内金融业的优势地位。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Period as a state-owned commercial bank (1994-2004)	（二）国有商业银行时期（1994年～2004年）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To adapt to the needs of socialist market economic system and allow the financial industry to better support the sustained, rapid and healthy development of national economy, China introduced a reform to the financial system under the traditional planned economic pattern, requiring state-owned specialized banks to transform to state-owned commercial ones as soon as possible and operate based on the modern commercial bank operating mechanism of independent operation, self risk-taking, assumption of sole responsibility for profit or loss and self-restraint.	为适应建立社会主义市场经济体制的需要，更好地发挥金融业支持国民经济持续快速健康发展的作用，国家对传统计划经济模式下的金融体制进行改革，要求国有专业银行尽快转型为国有商业银行，按自主经营、自担风险、自负盈亏、自我约束的现代商业银行经营机制运行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In line with the market economic requirements and the principles for operation of commercial banks, ICBC actively carried out a series of reforms. It established the unified legal person system, accelerated the innovation in various business management mechanisms such as authorization, credit extension, performance assessment and cost control mainly proceeding from resolving asset quality and operational efficiency issues, strengthened risk management and internal control, promoted the adjustment of business structure and the change in development models and enhanced the quality and effectiveness of development, laying a foundation and creating conditions for the joint-stock reform and modern financial enterprise construction.	工商银行按照市场经济要求和商业银行经营原则，积极实施了一系列改革，建立了统一法人体制，并着重从解决资产质量和经营效益问题入手，加快了授权、授信、绩效考核、成本控制等各项经营管理机制的创新，强化了风险管理和内部控制，推进了经营结构的调整和发展方式的转变，提升了发展的质量和效益，为股份制改革和现代金融企业建设奠定了基础、创造了条件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Period as a joint-stock commercial bank (from 2005)	（三）股份制商业银行时期（2005年至今）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entering into the 21st Century, Chinese banking industry has witnessed a big change in its business environment.	进入21世纪以来，中国银行业的经营环境出现了较大变化。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To improve the competitiveness and development level, state-owned commercial banks embarked on the joint-stock reform, realizing the fundamental shift of the business system and mechanism through the restructuring of equity structure and laying a more solid foundation for the sustained and healthy development through the improved internal governance structure and the optimized business management.	为增强竞争能力和发展水平，国有商业银行陆续启动了股份制改造，通过产权结构的重组，实现经营体制机制的根本性转变，通过内部治理结构的完善和经营管理的优化，为持续健康发展奠定更为坚实的基础。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
On April 18, 2005, ICBC formally started the joint-stock reform and generally went through the following stages:	2005 年4 月18 日，工商银行正式启动股份制改革，大体可以分为以下几个阶段：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Financial restructuring	1．财务重组	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Restructuring the capital structure.	（1）重组资本结构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
On April 22, 2005, Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (“Huijin”) made a capital contribution of USD15 billion (or RMB124 billion) to ICBC from its foreign exchange reserve.	2005 年4 月22 日，中央汇金公司运用外汇储备向工商银行注入150亿美元（折合人民币1240 亿元）资本金。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC restructured the capital by retaining an amount the same as that of Huijin and changing the other to risk provisioning. The Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and Huijin held a 50% stake in ICBC each.	工商银行对现有资本金进行重组，保留与汇金公司等额资本金，其余转为风险拨备，财政部和汇金公司分别持有工行50%的股份。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After the capital restructuring, the core capital of ICBC reached RMB248 billion and its core capital adequacy ratio exceeded 6%.	资本结构重组后，工商银行的核心资本金达到2480亿元，核心资本充足率达到6%以上。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
On August 19, 2005, ICBC successfully issued the first subordinated bonds of RMB35 billion, in which the excess subscription ratio was 2.44x.	同年8 月19 日，工商银行成功发行首期350亿元的次级债券，超额认购率达到2.44倍。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The issue of subordinated bonds helped ICBC further renew the supplementary capital and be well prepared for strategic capital introduction and public offering.	通过次级债券的发行，工商银行进一步补充了附属资本，为战略引资和公开上市做好了准备。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Disposing non-performing assets.	（2）处置不良资产。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC disposed non-performing assets in the way as follows: the assets classified under the loss category were purchased by MOF. MOF and ICBC set up a jointly managed account with its funding source from the share dividends of central finance and the income taxes paid by ICBC; with regard to the doubtful assets, PBOC adopted the market-oriented methods such as bidding to choose asset management companies for disposal.	工商银行处置不良资产的具体方式如下：损失类资产由财政部购买，财政部与工商银行共同建立“特别共管基金账户”，其资金来源为中央财政的股份分红及工商银行上交的所得税；可疑类资产由人民银行采取招标等市场化方式，选择资产管理公司予以处置。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Through the financial restructuring, ICBC obviously lifted its capital adequacy ratio and provisioning coverage ratio and largely reduced its non-performing loan ratio (See Figure 1-1). The long-term issues about capital and non-performing assets bottlenecking the development of ICBC were properly solved, creating conditions for the further deepened joint-stock reform.	通过财务重组，工商银行的资本充足率和拨备覆盖率得到显著提升，不良贷款率大幅下降（见图1-1），长期困扰工商银行发展的资本金和不良资产的问题得到妥善解决，为股份制改造的进一步深化创造了条件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Figure 1-1 Indicator Comparisons before and after the Financial Restructuring of ICBC	图1-1 工商银行财务重组前后指标对比	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Improvement of the governance structure and establishment of a joint-stock limited company	2．完善治理结构，组建股份有限公司	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Pursuant to the requirements of the Company Law and other laws and regulations, ICBC sets up the Shareholders’ General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management on the principles of “separate establishment of the Shareholders’ General Meeting, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, separation of the three powers, effective restrictions and coordinated development”. It has built a normative organizational structure and corporate governance mechanism for a joint-stock commercial bank, guaranteed the independent operation and effective check and balance of each party based on the scientific and efficient decision-making, implementation and supervisory mechanism, and established a joint-stock limited company upon the approval of relevant national management authorities.	根据《公司法》等法律法规的要求，工商银行按照“三会分设、三权分立、有效制约、协调发展”的原则设立了股东大会、董事会、监事会、高级管理层，着手建立了规范的股份制商业银行组织机构和公司治理机制，以科学、高效的决策、执行和监督机制，确保各方独立运作、有效制衡，并在国家相关管理机构的批准之下设立股份有限公司。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With the MOF and Huijin as the promoters, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited was established on October 25, 2005. All of the businesses, assets and liabilities of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China were assumed by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited upon the conversion.	2005年10月25日，中国财政部和中央汇金投资有限责任公司共同发起设立了中国工商银行股份有限公司，新成立的中国工商银行股份有限公司完整承继了原工商银行的资产、负债和所有业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Introduction of strategic investors	3．引进战略投资者	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After a comprehensive consideration, ICBC chose the Goldman Sachs investment group consisting of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Allianz Group and American Express Company as the strategic investors.	经过综合权衡，工商银行确定由高盛集团、安联集团及美国运通公司组成的高盛投资团为战略投资者。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on the bilateral agreement, the Goldman Sachs investment group contributed USD3.78 billion to buy the newly issued shares by ICBC, and all the strategic investors undertook to launch extensive cooperation with ICBC in relevant operations and management areas.	根据双方签订的协议，高盛投资团出资37.8亿美元购买工商银行新发行的股份，各战略投资者承诺在相关业务和管理领域与工商银行广泛合作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Later, ICBC also entered into an agreement on strategic investment and cooperation with the National Council for Social Security Fund (“SSE”). SSF subscribed for newly issued shares of ICBC for an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB18.0 billion.	此后，工商银行还与全国社会保障基金理事会达成了战略投资与合作协议，后者出资180亿元人民币购买工商银行新发行股份。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As a result, ICBC has preliminarily established a diversified equity structure (Figure 1-2), laying a good foundation for conducting the deep-level strategic cooperation and improving the corporate governance mechanism subsequently.	由此，工商银行初步确立了多元化的股权结构（图1-2），为下一步开展深层次的战略合作、完善公司治理机制打下了良好基础。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Figure 1-2 Equity Structure of ICBC after the Introduction of Strategic Investors	图1-2 引入战略投资者后工商银行的股权结构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Centennial IPO	4．世纪IPO	sample1-en-sample1-zh
On October 27, 2006, ICBC offered the A and H shares simultaneously in Hong Kong and Shanghai.	2006年10月27日，工商银行在香港和上海成功实现A＋H同步IPO。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This IPO raised a total of USD22 billion funds, creating the then highest financing record.	此次IPO共募集资金220亿美元，创下了当时的最高融资规模记录。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC thus completed the transformation from a solely state-invested commercial bank to a state-owned public holding company. This IPO marked that ICBC began to accept the domestic and overseas capital market tests and shareholders’ selections, and it walked toward a well-performed financial enterprise with normative corporate governance structure and “transparent operation”. II.	完成由国有独资商业银行向国有控股公众公司的蜕变，标志着工商银行开始接受国内外资本市场检验和股东选择，向具有规范的公司治理架构并实施“透明经营”的绩优金融企业迈进。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Historical Achievement	二、历史成就	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Through almost 30 years’ reform and development, especially through the joint-stock reform and public offering, ICBC has transformed to a modern financial enterprise with complete governance, established a diversified and globalized modern financial services system, grown to be a listed bank boasting good quality and efficiency and robust sustainable development capability and walked onto the track of building an internationally first-class financial enterprise.	经过近30年的改革发展，特别是经过股份制改革和公开上市，工商银行转变为一家治理完善的现代金融企业，构建起多元化、全球化的现代金融服务体系，成长为质量效益良好、可持续发展能力强劲的上市银行，踏上了建设国际一流现代金融企业的征程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Comprehensive establishment of the modern financial enterprise system	（一）全面确立现代金融企业制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Through the exploration and practice of several generations of ICBC personnel, ICBC has completed the historic transformation from a state-owned specialized bank to a state-owned commercial bank and then to an international publicly-holding company.	经过几代工行人的探索实践，工商银行完成了从国有专业银行到国有商业银行，再到国际公众持股公司的历史性跨越。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Via the joint-stock reform, ICBC has established a modern corporate governance framework consisting of the Shareholders’ General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management, and formed a corporate operation mechanism of scientific decision-making, potent execution and effective supervision.	通过股份制改革，工商银行搭建起了由股东大会、董事会、监事会、高管层组成的现代公司治理结构，形成了决策科学、执行有力、监督有效的公司运行机制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, it, in line with the requirements and regulatory standards of modern financial enterprise system, has built a relatively complete capital management system, assets & liabilities management system, fund operation system, as well as prudent, normative and transparent finance & accounting system; constructed a relatively independent internal audit and control system, as well as an enterprise risk management system with coverage of credit, market, liquidity and operational risks; continued to improve the organizational system of modern commercial bank by establishing the market-oriented and new-typed human resource management system and compensation distribution system.	同时，按照现代金融企业制度的要求和监管标准，建立了较为完善的资本管理制度、资产负债管理体系、资金营运体系以及审慎、规范、透明的财务会计制度；构建起相对独立的内部审计与控制体系以及能够覆盖信用风险、市场风险、流动性风险和操作风险的全面风险管理体系；不断完善现代商业银行的组织机构体系，构建了市场化的新型人力资源管理体制和薪酬分配制度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The establishment and improvement of modern financial enterprise system have guaranteed the bank-wide scientific management, sound operation and scientific development.	现代金融企业制度的建立和完善，保证了全行科学管理、稳健经营和科学发展。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Rapid development of all kinds of businesses	（二）各项业务快速发展	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The enlarging customer circle, increasingly diversified business structure, constantly enhanced innovative capability and continuously improved internal management enable ICBC have realized the sustained, rapid and healthy development of all kinds of businesses. It continues to be a market leader not only in terms of such basic business areas as deposits and loans, but also establishes the leading edges in a majority of emerging business areas.	不断扩大的客户基础、日益多元的业务结构、持续增强的创新能力以及不断完善的内部管理，让工商银行实现了各项业务的持续快速健康发展，不仅在存贷款等基础业务领域继续保持市场领导地位，而且在绝大多数新兴业务领域确立了领先优势。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Total assets increased by 57-folds from RMB272.8 billion upon founding in 1984 to RMB15.5 trillion in 2011; various deposits added by 73-folds from RMB169.6 billion to RMB12.3 trillion; various loans grew by 31-folds from RMB247 billion to RMB7.6 trillion; credit cards, first issued in 1989, exceeded 70 million in number by the end of 2011, thus the bank has become the top credit card issuer in China; through one decade’s development, asset custody service had over RMB3 trillion assets under custody, thus the bank has become China’s first asset custodian; e-banking was initially introduced in 1998, and its trading volume represented 70.1% of total business volume by 2011, making the bank become the largest electronic bank.	总资产从1984年成立时的2728亿元，发展到2011年的15.5万亿元，增长了57倍；各项存款从1696亿元增长到12.3万亿元，增长了73倍；各项贷款从2470亿元增长到7.6万亿元，增长了31倍；信用卡从1989年开始发行，到2011年末已经突破了7000万张，成为中国第一信用卡发卡行；资产托管业务经过十年的发展，托管规模已经突破3万亿元，是中国第一资产托管银行；电子银行业务自1998年开办以来，2011年电子银行交易量占总业务量的比例达到70.1%，是中国最大的电子银行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Such emerging businesses as wealth management, enterprise annuity, investment banking and cash management introduced in recent years develop fast, and the Bank has developed to be a market leader in emerging businesses gradually.	近年来推出的理财、企业年金、投资银行、现金管理等新兴业务发展迅速，逐渐成为新兴业务的市场领导者。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Its business scope has expanded from traditional basic businesses including deposits, loans and remittance to many business areas including money market, capital market and insurance market. Therefore, ICBC has grown to be a banking institution with the strongest financial service supply capability in China.	业务范围从成立初期的存贷汇等传统基础业务，发展到覆盖货币市场、资本市场、保险市场等多业务领域，成长为中国金融服务供给能力最强的银行机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Walked on the track of internationalization and integration	（三）迈出国际化、综合化步伐	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In early 1990s, ICBC has started the exploration of internationalization and integration, and gained manifest achievement through the innovation development of more than one decade.	20世纪90年代初，工商银行开始了国际化、综合化的探索实践，经过十多年的创新发展，取得了显著的成就。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It set up the first overseas institution in 1992 and had 239 overseas institutions by 2011, basically establishing the globalized service network covering major international financial hubs in the world and major trade partners of China.	从1992年设立第一家海外机构，到2011年已经拥有境外机构网点239家，基本形成覆盖世界主要国际金融中心和我国主要经贸往来地区的全球化服务网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, by establishing non-banking financial subsidiaries at home and abroad, ICBC successively founded ICBCCS, ICBC Leasing, ICBC International and ICBC-AXA Assurance, successfully entering the fund, leasing, investment banking and insurance business areas and gradually forming a cross-market integrated financial service system with commercial banking service as the pillar.	与此同时，通过在境内外成立非银行金融子公司的方式，先后组建设立了工银瑞信、工银租赁、工银国际、工银安盛，成功进入基金、租赁、投资银行和保险业务领域，逐步形成以商业银行业务为主体、跨市场的综合化金融服务体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Improved asset quality and enhanced profitability	（四）资产质量改善、盈利能力提升	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With the continuously deepened reform and strengthened management, ICBC has fundamentally improved its asset quality, which not only ridded the non-performing loans during the transition of economic reform, but also completed the credit risk prevention mechanism at the level of system.	随着改革的持续深化和管理的不断加强，工商银行的资产质量得到根本改善，不仅彻底解决了经济体制转轨过程中形成的不良贷款包袱，而且从制度上完善了信用风险防范机制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
By the end of 2011, the balance and ratio of non-performing loans of ICBC had been reduced for 12 straight years, with the latter down to 0.94%.	截至2011年末，工商银行不良贷款余额和不良贷款率连续12年实现“双下降”，不良贷款率降至0.94%。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The rapid development of various businesses and ever improved business management level has greatly lifted the profitability of ICBC.	各项业务的快速发展，经营管理水平的不断提升，极大提高了工商银行的盈利能力。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Under IFRS, since 2006, ICBC has reported an annual average compounded growth rate of 32.9% in after-tax profit and made an after-tax profit of RMB208.45 billion in 2011, thus being the most profitable bank globally for three consecutive years.	按国际会计准则计算，自2006年以来，工商银行税后利润年均复合增长率达到32.9%，2011年实现税后利润2084.5亿元，连续三年成为全球最盈利银行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Robust profit growth ability has resulted in the rapid increase in corporate value and shareholders’ return.	强劲的盈利增长能力使公司价值和股东回报呈现快速增长。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has been among the international leading banks in terms of ROE and ROA.	权益回报率和总资产回报率已经达到国际先进银行的水平。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It has greatly enhanced the profit-making sustainability. The percentage of non-interest income has increased from less than 1% upon founding to 23.7% in 2011, where, that of net fee and commission income in net operating income has reached 21.4%.	盈利的可持续性大大增强，非利息收入占比从成立初期的不到1%增长到2011年的23.7%，其中净手续费和佣金收入占营业净收入的比重达到了21.4%。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Constantly improved financial service level	（五）金融服务水平不断完善	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Upholding the concept of “being customer-centric and creating value through service”, ICBC has achieved innovative development in all aspects such as business, product, channel and process.	秉承“以客户为中心、服务创造价值”的理念，工商银行从业务、产品、渠道、流程等各方面不断创新发展。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
By the end of 2011, it set up 16,900 operating institutions at home and abroad, owned a developed e-banking service network consisting of 13,772 self-service banking centers, 59,140 ATMs, as well as internet banking, telephone banking and mobile banking, and provided quality financial services for 282 million personal customers and 4.11 million corporate customers worldwide.	截至2011年末，在国内外共设有1.69万个经营机构，拥有由13772家自助银行中心、59140台自动柜员机以及网上银行、电话银行、手机银行等组成的发达的电子银行服务网络，为全球2.82亿个人客户和411万户公司客户提供优质的金融服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In recent years, ICBC has systematically made improvement in distribution channels, business processes, IT systems, management systems and service patterns, in order to enhance the customer experience and service quality. Section Two	近年来，工商银行还从分销渠道、业务流程、IT系统、管理体制和服务模式等方面系统加以改进，改善客户体验，提升服务品质。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate Governance Framework	第二节 公司治理架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Summary of ICBC’s Corporate Governance	一、工商银行公司治理概述	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Since the joint-stock reform, ICBC has made constant efforts to improve the corporate governance framework comprising the Shareholders’ General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management, and optimized responsibilities of the authority organ, decision-making organ, supervisory organ and executive organ. As a result, the operation mechanism featuring clearly defined responsibilities and accountability, coordination and effective checks and balances has been in place.	股改以来，工商银行不断完善由股东大会、董事会、监事会、高级管理层组成的公司治理架构，优化权力机构、决策机构、监督机构和执行机构之间职责，形成了权责分明、各司其职、相互协调、有效制衡的运作机制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Figure 1-3 Corporate Governance Framework Chart of ICBC	图1-3 工商银行公司治理架构图	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Basic Corporate Governance Framework	二、公司治理基本架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As the authority organ of ICBC, the Shareholders’ General Meeting involves all shareholders.	股东大会是工商银行的权力机构，由全体股东组成。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Shareholders’ General Meeting is responsible for, among others, deciding on business policies and material investment plans of ICBC; considering and approving the proposals on the annual financial budget, final accounts, profit distribution plans and loss recovery plans, electing and replacing directors, shareholder supervisors and external supervisors; considering and approving the work report of the Board of Directors and the work report of the Board of Supervisors; adopting resolutions on merger, division, dissolution, liquidation, change of corporate form, increase or decrease of registered capital, issuance and listing of corporate bonds or other negotiable securities and repurchase of stocks; and amending the Articles of Association of the Bank.	股东大会负责决定公司经营方针和重大投资计划，审议批准公司的年度财务预算、决算方案、利润分配方案和弥补亏损方案，选举和更换董事以及由股东代表出任的监事和外部监事，审议批准董事会工作报告和监事会工作报告，对公司合并、分立、解散、清算、变更公司形式、增加或者减少注册资本、公司债券或其他有价证券的发行及上市的方案、回购公司股票做出决议，修订公司章程等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As the decision-making organ of ICBC, the Board of Directors of ICBC is accountable to, and shall report to, the Shareholders’ General Meeting.	董事会是工商银行的决策机构，向股东大会负责并报告工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Board of Directors is responsible for, among others, convening the Shareholders’ General Meeting; implementing resolutions of the Shareholders’ General Meeting; deciding on business plans, investment plans and development strategies of ICBC; formulating annual financial budgets and final accounts of ICBC; formulating profit distribution plans and loss recovery plans; formulating proposals on the increase or decrease of registered capital of ICBC; formulating fundamental management rules on risk management and internal control, and supervising the implementation of these rules, appointing or removing the President, and based on the President’s nomination, appointing or removing Senior Executive Vice Presidents and other Senior Management members (except the Board Secretary), and deciding on their remuneration, rewards and sanctions; deciding on authorizing the President to set up relevant internal institutions of ICBC, managing information disclosure of ICBC; and supervising and overseeing the Senior Management.	董事会负责召集股东大会；执行股东大会决议；决定公司的经营计划、投资方案和发展战略；制订公司年度财务预算方案、决算方案；制订公司的利润分配方案和弥补亏损方案；制订公司增加或者减少注册资本的方案；制定公司风险管理、内部控制等基本管理制度，并监督制度的执行情况；聘请或解聘行长，并根据行长提名聘任或解聘副行长及其他高级管理人员（董事会秘书除外），并决定其报酬和奖惩事项；决定或授权行长决定行内相关机构的设置；管理本行信息披露；对高级管理层实施监督等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Board of Directors has established six special committees, namely, the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Related Party Transactions Control Committee.	董事会下设六个专门委员会：战略委员会、审计委员会、风险管理委员会、提名委员会、薪酬委员会、关联交易控制委员会。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As the supervisory organ of ICBC, the Board of Supervisors is accountable to, and shall report to, the Shareholders’ General Meeting.	监事会是工商银行的监督机构，向股东大会负责并报告工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Board of Supervisors is responsible for, among others, supervising the performance and due diligence of Directors and Senior Management members; supervising the performance of duties of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management; conducting audits on retiring or resigning Directors and Senior Management members when necessary; examining and supervising ICBC’s financial activities; examining financial information such as financial report, business report and profit distribution plan to be submitted to the Shareholders’ General Meeting by the Board of Directors; examining and supervising business decisions, risk management and internal control of ICBC, and providing guidance to the internal audit departments of ICBC, formulating performance assessment measures for supervisors, assessing the performance and conduct of supervisors, and reporting to the Shareholders’ General Meeting for approval; presenting proposals to the Shareholders’ General Meeting; proposing to convene extraordinary general meetings, and convening and presiding over such meetings in case the Board of Directors fails to perform its duty of convening shareholders’ general meeting; proposing to convene interim meetings of the Board of Directors, etc.	监事会负责对董事和高级管理人员的履职行为和尽职情况进行监督；监督董事会、高级管理层履行职责的情况；根据需要对董事和高级管理人员进行离任审计；检查、监督公司的财务活动；审核董事会拟提交股东大会的财务报告、营业报告和利润分配方案等财务资料；对公司的经营决策、风险管理和内部控制等进行检查监督并指导公司内部审计部门工作；拟定监事的履职评价办法，对监事进行履职评价，并报股东大会决定；向股东大会提出议案；提议召开临时股东大会，在董事会不履行召集股东会议的职责时，召集并主持临时股东大会；提议召开董事会临时会议等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Board of Supervisors has the Supervision Committee.	监事会下设监督委员会。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As the executive organ of ICBC, the Senior Management is accountable to the Board of Directors.	高级管理层是工商银行的执行机构，对董事会负责。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Senior Management is responsible for, among others, carrying out operational management of ICBC; organizing the implementation of business plan and investment plan approved by the Board of Directors; formulating detailed regulations and rules for operational management; formulating proposals on remuneration distribution and performance assessment for heads of internal departments and branches of ICBC; reporting operating results to the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors; preparing the annual financial budget, final accounts, profit distribution plans and loss recovery plans, and proposals on the increase or decrease of registered capital, issuance or listing of bonds, and making recommendations to the Board of Directors.	高级管理层负责公司的营运管理，组织实施经董事会批准的经营计划和投资方案，制定公司经营管理的具体规章制度，制订公司内设部门和分支机构负责人薪酬分配方案和绩效考核方案，向董事会、监事会报告经营业绩，拟订公司的年度财务预算、决算方案，利润分配方案和弥补亏损方案，增加或者减少注册资本、发行债券或者其他债券上市方案，并向董事会提出建议等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Sound corporate governance is the key to stable operation of the banking sector and even the entire financial system, and is also one of the most important determinants of a bank’s development.	良好的公司治理是银行业乃至整个金融体系稳健运行的关键所在，也是决定一家银行能走多快、走多远的根本因素。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC pursues the improvement of corporate governance as a basic project of enhancing core competitiveness, continues to improve the corporate governance mechanism of “clear boundaries of responsibilities, orderly checks and balances and coordination, democratic and scientific decisions, efficient and normative operation and timely and transparent disclosure”, and makes efforts toward the vision of “becoming a global leading bank with the best profitability, performance and prestige”. SectIon Three	工商银行坚持把完善公司治理作为增强核心竞争力的基础工程，不断完善“职责边界清晰、制衡协作有序、决策民主科学、运行高效规范、信息及时透明”的公司治理机制；为实现“最盈利、最优秀、最受尊重的国际一流现代金融企业”的愿景而努力。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Status Quo of Internationalization	第三节 国际化发展现状	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Starting from independent application for establishment and emerging markets, ICBC has gradually set up a mechanism of global product line and domestic and overseas interactive development, created a global integrated business system platform, continued to enhance the global service capability, established a sustainable development pattern step by step and entered into a new stage in terms of internationalized development.	从自主申设起步，从新兴市场出发，工商银行逐步建立了全球产品线和内外联动发展机制，创立了全球一体化的业务系统平台，全球服务能力不断提升，可持续发展模式逐步确立，国际化发展迈入新阶段。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Global Service Network	一、全球服务网络	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The construction of ICBC’s overseas service network has gone through three stages.	工商银行境外服务网络建设先后经历了三个阶段。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Prior to 2000, it expanded the overseas network mainly by means of independent application for establishment.	2000年以前，主要依赖自主申设方式拓展海外网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Marked by the establishment of Singapore Representative Office in 1992, ICBC formally started the internationalization course following the “going global” of enterprises, and successively set up operating institutions or representative offices in important cities including Almaty, Seoul, Hong Kong, Tokyo, London, New York, Frankfurt, Luxemburg and Sydney.	以1992年设立新加坡代表处为标志，工商银行正式启动了跟随企业“走出去”的国际化进程，相继在阿拉木图、汉城（首尔）、香港、东京、伦敦、纽约、法兰克福、卢森堡、悉尼等重要城市设立了营业机构或代表处。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
From 2000 to 2006, it witnessed fast expansion of overseas institutions, especially Hong Kong-based institutions, through gradual launch of M&As on the basis of independent application for establishment.	2000年至2006年，在申设基础上逐步开展并购，工商银行实现了境外机构尤其是在港机构快速发展。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC acquired Union Bank of Hong Kong in 2000 as a pioneer among Chinese banks for acquisition and restructuring of foreign listed banks, and ICBC (Asia) purchased Fortis Bank in 2003, which became the first successful case for a Chinese bank to buy a European bank.	其中2000年收购友联银行开创了中资银行兼并重组境外上市银行的先河，2003年工银亚洲收购华比富通银行成为中资背景银行收购欧资银行的首个成功案例。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Since the public offering in 2006, leveraging on the strengthened overall operating strength and enhanced international ranking and competitiveness, and in combination with own competitive development strategy, ICBC has accelerated the construction of global service network through application for establishment and M&A. By the end of December 2011, a global network with universal licensing, efficient operation and excellent service, consisting of 239 overseas institutions in 33 countries and territories, had been established.	2006年上市以来，依托总体经营实力的增强、国际排名与竞争力的提高，结合自身的竞争发展战略，工商银行通过申设和并购并举，加快全球服务网络建设。 截至2011年12月末，已建成覆盖33个国家和地区、由239家境外机构组成的牌照完备、运营高效、服务优良的全球网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, as an important supplementation to the overseas business network, the network of correspondent banks has covered 1,553 banks in 136 countries and territories, and the global business network spanning Asia, Africa, Europe, America and Australia has been preliminarily established.	同时，作为海外经营网络的重要补充，代理行网络已实现覆盖136个国家和地区的1553家银行，初步建成了跨越亚、非、欧、美、澳五大洲的全球经营网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
While focusing upon the layout in important target markets globally, ICBC also takes the geographical strength, scope of license and business resources into comprehensive consideration, attaches importance to the integration and extension of existing institutions and builds some competent overseas institutions to overseas business centers of the whole bank via expanding the business functions.	工商银行在着力推进全球重点目标市场布局的同时，还综合考虑各境外机构的地缘优势、牌照范围、业务资源，注重现有机构的整合和延伸，通过扩充业务功能，把一些具备条件的境外机构打造成全行的海外业务中心。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In recent years, it has successively established Frankfurt Euro Clearing Center, Tokyo JPY Clearing Center, New York USD Clearing Center, London GBP Clearing Center, Sydney AUD Clearing Center and Hong Kong HKD Clearing Center; set up the overseas investment banking platform and asset management platform mainly depending upon ICBC International; made efforts to establish overseas wealth management centers, private banking centers, bankcard service centers, global cash management centers, precious metal business centers and cross-border RMB business centers leveraging on the institutions in Hong Kong and Macau; brought the preferential location conditions of those institutions in Hong Kong, New York and London in international financial centers into full play in an effort to promote the construction of overseas treasury operation centers and foreign fund-raising centers.	近年来，先后建成了法兰克福欧元清算中心、东京日元清算中心、纽约美元清算中心、伦敦英镑清算中心、悉尼澳元清算中心、香港港币清算中心；并以工银国际为主体搭建了境外投资银行平台和资产管理平台；依托港澳机构着力打造境外财富管理中心、私人银行中心、银行卡业务中心、全球现金管理中心、贵金属业务中心和跨境人民币业务中心； 充分发挥香港、纽约、伦敦机构地处国际金融中心的有利条件，着力推进海外资金交易中心和境外筹资中心建设。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The rapid scale-up and improved efficiency of overseas institutions have helped them to increase the value contribution to global service chain of ICBC Group.	在境外机构快速扩大自身规模、效益的同时，提升了其对工商银行集团全球服务链的价值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Global Integrated Technological Platform	二、全球一体化科技平台	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC deems information technology to be an important component of core competitiveness. Backed by technological systems, it provides more diversified and competitive products to the customers.	工商银行将信息科技作为核心竞争力的重要组成部分，在科技系统的支持下，为客户提供更丰富、更有竞争力的产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Now, ICBC offers more than 3,000 products to the customers and is the bank boasting the biggest number of financial products and the most diversified categories in China.	目前工商银行向客户提供3000余项产品，是中国金融产品数量最多、门类最齐全的银行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
During internationalization, ICBC always advances system construction and institutional construction synchronously. As a result, the technological strength has forcefully enhanced the capability of overseas institutions for product supply, business expansion and risk control.	在国际化发展过程中，工商银行始终坚持系统建设与机构建设同步，科技优势有力提升了境外机构的产品供给、业务拓展和风险控制能力。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In 2006, ICBC started the construction of FOVA system under independent R&D, the features of which cover a lot of areas such as deposits, loans, remittance, bankcards, internet banking, international settlement, trade finance and financial market.	2006年，工商银行启动了自主研发的FOVA系统建设，功能覆盖到存款、贷款、汇款、银行卡、网上银行、国际结算、贸易融资、金融市场等多个领域。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Currently, FOVA system has been successfully rolled out in 34 overseas institutions and already covered all the overseas institutions.	目前FOVA 系统已在34家境外机构成功投产，已覆盖全部境外机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As of 2005, ICBC has actively promoted the centralized processing of documentary businesses in overseas institutions. Till now, the international settlement documentary businesses of all of the institutions at home and abroad have been centralized at the Documentary Center of the Head Office.	从2005年开始，工商银行积极推动境外机构单证业务集中处理，目前全部境内外机构的国际结算单证业务均已上挂总行单证中心。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Global Service Capability	三、全球服务能力	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supported by the advanced FOVA platform, ICBC actively pushes forward the innovation of overseas products that serve the market needs, realized the global linking of key products lines including retail, bankcards, internet banking, clearing, specialized financing, global cash management, investment banking, asset management, trade finance and RMB, and preliminarily formed a globalized and universal service chain following the cross-border customers.	凭借先进的FOVA平台的支撑，工商银行积极推进符合市场需求的境外产品创新，在零售、银行卡、网上银行、资金清算、专业融资、全球现金管理、投资银行、资产管理、贸易金融、人民币等重点产品线上实现了全球联通，初步形成了跟随跨境客户的全球化、全能化服务链。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For example, with respect to internet banking and bankcard service, internet banking can be transacted in 22 overseas institutions, with 162,000 overseas personal online banking customers and 14,000 overseas corporate online banking customers.	例如，网上银行和银行卡业务方面，已在22家境外机构实现网银业务办理，海外网银个人客户达到16.2万户、企业客户达到1.4万户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After the establishment of ICBC Credit Card Center (International) in Hong Kong, overseas retail banking has seen a leaping-forward development leveraging on the bankcard sockets internet banking mode.	在香港设立了工银信用卡中心（国际），依托银行卡套接网银模式，境外零售业务实现跨越式发展。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In terms of investment banking service, ICBC International was established in Hong Kong to serve as the wholly-owned investment banking platform, and successfully participated into the Brazil-based Petrobras' IPO with the largest amount on the global capital market, the American International Assurance’s IPO with the third largest amount and the GE’s IPO, etc.	投资银行业务方面，在港成立了全资所有的投资银行平台——工银国际，并成功参与了融资额排名全球资本市场第一的巴西石油股本融资、融资额排名全球第三的友邦保险IPO，以及美国通用汽车IPO等项目。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With relatively strong power for investment banking, ICBC (Asia), ICBC (Macau), UK Subsidiary, ICBC (Middle East), Indonesia Subsidiary and Sydney Branch conducted a batch of locally influential projects.	工银亚洲、 工银澳门、伦敦子行、工银中东、印尼子行和悉尼分行等分行都具备了较强的投行业务实力，承接了一批在当地有影响力的项目。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Regarding global cash management service, ICBC was the first among Chinese banks to introduce global cash management service, established partnership with 2,232 customers, signed contracts for more than 6,100 accounts and expanded this service to over 40 countries and territories.	全球现金管理业务方面，在中资同业中率先推出全球现金管理业务，与2232家客户建立了合作关系，签约账户数累计超过6100个，业务拓展到40余个国家和地区。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, ICBC has achieved remarkable results through domestic and overseas interaction and product innovation in the development of such product lines as asset management, asset custody, cross-border RMB service and trade finance.	此外，在资产管理、资产托管、跨境人民币业务、贸易金融等产品线发展方面，通过内外联动和产品创新，也取得了显著成效。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Sustainable Development Pattern	四、可持续发展模式	sample1-en-sample1-zh
During internationalization, ICBC always upholds the unification of speed, scale, quality and efficiency by walking on the road of sustainable development.	在国际化过程中，工商银行始终坚持速度、规模、质量、效益的统一，走可持续发展道路。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Total assets of overseas institutions increased from USD3.6 billion in 2000 to USD132 billion in 2011 (including the investment in Standard Bank of South Africa), profit after provisioning added from USD34 million to USD1.3 billion (including the gain from Standard Bank of South Africa), the compounded growth of both assets and profit of overseas institutions reached about 39%; with steadily improved asset quality, the non-performing loan ratio decreased from 4.49% in 2001 to 0.19% in 2011.	境外机构总资产从2000年的36亿美元增至2011年的1320亿美元（含南非标准银行投资），拨备后利润从3400万美元增至13亿美元（含南非标准银行投资收益），境外机构资产和利润年复合增长率均达到39%左右；资产质量稳定改善，不良资产率从2001年的4.49%降至2011年的0.19%。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In 2011, the per capital assets and profit of overseas institutions were RMB140 million and RMB0.87 million, respectively, representing relatively high operating efficiency.	2011年，境外机构人均资产1.4亿元，人均净利润87万元，体现出较高的经营效率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The International Regulatory Joint Meeting held in China for the first time in November 2009 chose to evaluate ICBC, where the regulatory authorities iN ten countries and territories spoke highly of ICBC for the sound business results.	2009年11月，在中国首次召开的国际监管联席会议选择工商银行作为评价对象，来自10个国家和地区的监管机构对工行的稳健经营成绩给予了较高评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. Construction of the Internationalized Talent Team	五、国际化人才队伍建设	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC creatively introduced the concept of “global staff management” among Chinese banks and organized the first selection and praising of honorable global staff, which improved the professional sense of belonging and quality of global staff and provided the human resource base for the development of overseas institutions.	工商银行在中资同业中开创性地提出了“全球雇员管理”理念，并组织了首届荣誉全球雇员评选表彰和各类培训活动，提升全球雇员的职业归属感和业务素质，为境外机构的发展提供人才基础。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, with keen attention to the construction of internationalized talent team, ICBC unswervingly accelerates the reserve of internationalized management personnel and professionals and strengthens the training toward the staff of overseas institutions, providing a powerful guaranty for the implementation of internationalization strategy. 	同时，工商银行一直高度重视国际化人才队伍建设，坚持加快储备国际化管理人才和国际化专业人才、加强境外机构员工培训，为国际化战略的实施提供了有力保障。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VI. Internationalized Operating Management System	六、国际化经营管理体制	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With the continuous expansion of overseas operations, ICBC has set up a specialized management department of overseas institutions under the International Banking Department, and formed the overseas operating management system of “coordination, unification and professional division of labor”.	随着海外业务的不断壮大，工商银行成立了专门的境外机构管理部门（隶属于国际业务部），形成了“协调统一、专业分工”的境外经营管理体制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The International Banking Department is mainly responsible for the internationalization strategy and planning, analysis and monitoring of dynamics upon the construction of overseas institutions, coordination and integration of in-house resources to promote the internationalized development of businesses and geographical regions and cooperation with departments-in-charge to perform professional management well; the internal departments for business management, comprehensive management as well as support & guaranty launch professional management over businesses, finance, human resources, risks, technologies, internal audits and compliance of overseas institutions according to their respective functions, and they undertake corresponding line management functions based on the responsibilities assigned to them, providing good management infrastructure for the smooth promotion of multinational operations.	国际业务部主要负责国际化战略与规划、分析监测境外机构建设动态、协调整合行内资源促进业务和区域国际化发展、配合主管部门做好专业管理；行内主要业务管理、综合管理和支持保障部门按照职能分工对境外机构的业务、财务、人事、风险、科技、内审、合规等方面进行专业管理，各部门按职责分工承担相应条线管理职能，为顺利推进跨国经营提供了良好管理基础设施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In 2009, ICBC provided for the Consolidated Management Measures, which further defined that the management departments of consolidation elements shall manage overseas subsidiaries from the perspective of respective elements (enterprise risk, market risk, credit risk, inside trading, liquidity risk, legal risk, operational risk, reputational risk, financial management and internal audit management) accordingly, while the line management departments shall share information for supplementation. CHAPTER TWO	2009年，工商银行制定了《并表管理办法》，进一步明确各并表要素管理部门从相应并表要素维度（全面风险、市场风险、信用风险、内部交易、流动性风险、法律风险、操作风险、声誉风险、财务管理、内部审计管理）对境外附属机构进行条条管理，条块管理部门之间信息共享，互为补充。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
BASIC MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS FOR OVERSEAS INSTITUTIONS	第二章 境外机构基本管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section One Financial Management System	第一节 财务管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Financial Management Overview	一、财务管理概况	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Financial accounting	（一）财务会计	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC Group, together with its domestic branches, uses a calender year as the financial year, which is from January 1 to December 31 each year.	工商银行集团及境内机构的财务年度为自然年度，即每年1月1日至12月31日。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For financial accounting, it applies RMB as bookkeeping base currency with “Yuan” as a unit.	会计核算以人民币为记账本位币，以“元”为单位。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An overseas branch, as a bank’s localized operation in another country, should firstly meet regulatory requirements of that coutry it is located in. It may determine its financial year and bookkeeping base currency at its discretion based on surrounding economic and regulatory environment, but it is required to submit financial statements converted into RMB over accounting period set by the Head Office of ICBC, make financial accounting according to financial accouting criteria of local country, submit relevant operating statistics and financial reports to local regulatory authorities according to their requirements, and issue financial reports according to local rules.	境外机构作为银行属地化经营，首先应遵守属地国监管要求，可根据其经营所处的主要经济和监管环境自行决定其财务年度及记账本位币，但需在按照总行规定的会计期间报送折算为人民币的财务报表，要按照当地的会计核算标准进行核算，按照所在国监管要求向当地监管当局报送相关经营数据和财务报告，按照当地准则要求出具财务报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, all overseas and domestic branches of ICBC as well as its subsidiaries should also meet the parent company’s requirements, and apply the Head Office’s uniform accounting policies to report financial information for internal management and issue of the group’s consolidated reports, when they submit the financial reports to the Head Office.	同时，工商银行所有境内外分支机构及子公司在向总行报送会计报告时，还应满足母公司要求，使用总行统一的会计政策报送财务信息，用于内部管理及出具集团合并报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Management accounting	（二）管理会计	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Management of Value Accounting (MOVA) has been available inside ICBC with EVA as its core, value-creation as orientation, and value-management as philosophy, throughout the whole process of pre-event, in-process, and post-event, with five dimenstions as management targets including institution, department, product, customer and staff, covering five core operational elements including fund, expenditure, risk, taxation and capital, and incorporating management accounting philosophy, methods, technique and application into an intergrated system.	工商银行形成了以EVA为核心，以价值创造为导向、以价值管理为理念，贯穿于事前、事中、事后全过程，以机构、部门、产品、客户和员工五个维度为管理对象，涵盖资金、费用、风险、税务、资本五大核心经营要素，集管理会计理念、方法、技术及应用于一体的现代管理会计体系(MOVA, Management of Value Accounting)。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With an improvement of an integrated financial management in ICBC, MOVA system will be gradually promoted to overseas branches, forming the group’s intergrated management accounting system.	随着我行财务管理一体化的进步，MOVA体系将会逐步推广至境外机构，形成集团一体化的管理会计体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Financial management	（三）财务管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s financial management obeys relevant laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association.	工商银行的财务管理遵循有关法律法规和《公司章程》的规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Branches at all levels should build and perfect internal financial management system; set functional departments of financial management; equip with professional financial management staffs; and comprehensively employ methods such as project planning, forecast, planning, budget, control, analysis, supervision, assessment and evaluation to raise funds, operate assests, allocate resources, control costs, distribute earnings, reflect operation status, prevent and mitigate financia risks.	各级机构均应建立健全内部财务管理制度，设置财务管理职能部门，配备专业财务管理人员，综合运用规划、预测、计划、预算、控制、分析、监督、考核和评价等方法，筹集资金，营运资产，配置资源，控制成本，分配收益，反映经营情况，防范和化解财务风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Financial Management System	二、财务管理体制	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Financial management system	（一）财务管理体制	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC implements financial management system with “unified management, classified authorization, responsibility for profits and losses, and assessment by levels”.	工商银行实行“统一管理、分类授权、统负盈亏、分级考核”的财务管理体制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Unified management	1.统一管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office uniformly formulates the financial management regulations and measures, allocates financial resources, discloses financial information to the public, and releases the comprehensive operating plans.	总行统一制定财务管理制度办法，统一配置财务资源，统一对外披露财务信息，统一下达综合经营计划。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Classified authorization	2.分类授权	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Superior institutions classify subordinate ones according to certain standards, and implement the authorization management depending on different financial matters.	上级机构对下级机构按照一定的标准划分类别，并区分不同的财务事项实行授权管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All institutions at different levels carry out financial activities within authorized ranges.	各级机构在授权范围内开展财务活动。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Responsibility for profits and losses	3.统负盈亏	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office is responsible for financial performace of the whole bank. It uniformly arranges for and implements comprehensive operating plans approved by the Board of Directors, and makes unified settlement for profits and losses of the whole bank.	总行对全行财务效益负责，统一安排和执行董事会批准的综合经营计划，统一清算全行损益。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Assessment by levels	4.分级考核	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Superior institutions conduct assessment on subordinate ones’ operating status, and link the assessment results to financial resources allocation, authorization adjustment and performance incentives.	上级机构对下级机构的经营状况进行考核，并将考核结果与财务资源分配、授权调整、绩效奖励等挂钩。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Financial management objectives	（二）财务管理目标	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to the operation and development strategies of the company, ICBC’s financial management aims at building and enhancing incentive and restraint mechanism; optimizing financial resources allocation; preventing and resisting financial risks; boosting sustainable and health growth of all businesses and a stable increase in performance; and achieving value maximization for shareholders.	工商银行的财务管理目标为根据公司经营发展战略，建立健全激励约束机制，优化财务资源配置，防范和抵御财务风险，促进各项业务持续健康发展和经营效益稳步增长，实现股东价值最大化。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Principles of financial management	（三）财务管理原则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC follows the principles of “legality and compliance, prudence and steadiness, unified planning and pursuing benefits” in its financial management.	工商银行财务管理遵循“依法合规、审慎稳健、统筹兼顾、讲求效益”的管理原则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Legality and compliance	1.依法合规	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All financial management work should strictly abide by the state’s relevant financial disciplines, and conduct financial management activities compliantly according to law under the premise of continuous improvement in the financial management system.	各项财务管理工作严格遵守国家有关财经纪律，在不断完善财务管理制度的前提下，依法合规开展财务管理活动。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Prudence and steadiness	2.审慎稳健	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A complete financial risk management mechanism is established to effectively identify, monitor, measure, prevent and mitigate financial risks and ensure a sound financial foundation.	建立完备的财务风险管理机制，有效识别、监测、计量、防范和化解财务风险，确保财务基础稳健。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Unified planning	3.统筹兼顾	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overall plans on balance among costs, risks and benefits should be made, the relationship among capital restriction, business growth, risk control and return to shareholders should be controlled on a reasonable manner, and all stakeholders’ interest should be considered to enhance an overall, harmonious and sustainable growth	统筹平衡成本、风险和收益，合理把握资本约束、业务增长、风险控制和股东回报的关系，兼顾利益相关方的利益，促进全面、协调、可持续发展。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Pursuing benefits	4.讲求效益	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Institutions at all levels should focus on financial management objectives, strenghthen financial management, improve operating efficiency, and continuously boost value creativity.	各级机构要围绕财务管理目标，加强财务管理，提高经营效率，不断提升价值创造能力。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Financial risk management	（四）财务风险管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Financial risk management is a key component of overall risk management for ICBC Group.	财务风险管理是工商银行集团全面风险管理重要组成部分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Financial risk, throughout the whole process of operation, is a centralized reflection of credit risk, market risk and operational risk on finance.	财务风险贯穿经营活动的各个环节，是信用风险、市场风险以及操作风险等在财务上的集中体现。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has established a financial risk control system involving recognition, measurement, monitor, and control, defining the responsibility, procedure, emergency plans and detailed steps for financial risks management. It also implements a whole-process management for pre-, middle- and post-financial risks, analyzes risks status regularly, evaluates anticipated losses, and prevents and mitigates financial risks.	工商银行建立了包括识别、计量、监测和控制等内容的财务风险控制体系，明确财务风险管理的职责、程序、应急方案和具体措施，对财务风险实施事前、事中、事后全过程管理，定期分析风险状况，评估预期损失，防范和化解财务风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Financial supervision	（五）财务监督	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s institutions at all levels should build and perfect internal financial supervision system.	工商银行的各级机构要建立健全内部财务监督制度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Institutions including internal control supervision departments and financial management departments should supervise and examine financial activities in line with the requirements of relevant financial regulations and internal supervision regulations.	内控监督部门以及财务管理部门等机构应按照相关财务制度和内部监督制度要求对财务活动进行监督和检查。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Through financial supervision, they should appraise any institution or individual who has strictly followed financial regulations, effectively controlled financial risks, and criticize publicly institution or individual who has performed pooly in financial management, occurred with bigger financial risks, and disobeyed financial regulations, or even propose to attribute their administrative and legal responsibilities.	通过财务监督，对严格遵守财务制度、有效控制财务风险的单位或个人要提出表扬；对财务管理不力、财务风险较大、违反财务制度的机构或个人要通报批评，直至追究行政及法律责任。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on financial statements and financial analysis reports as well as financial information system platform, institutions at all levels should strengthen off-site financial inspection and monitoring on the ones under their administration, and report the irregular fluctuations of key financial monitoring indicators to the Head Office in time.	各级机构应通过财务报表和财务分析报告，以及财务信息系统平台，加强对辖内机构非现场财务检查和监控工作，对重点财务监测指标的异常波动情况，及时报告总行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Institutions at all levels are required to receive supervision, inspection or audit from the state’s external regulatory authorities as well as social intermediaries, and to cooperate actively with them. They need to make timely adjustments and corrections on problems found in both internal and external financial inspections. 	各级机构要依法接受并积极配合国家外部监管机构以及社会中介机构的监督检查或审计，对于内外部财务检查中发现的问题要及时整改。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vi.Overseas financial management system	（六）境外财务管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas financial management should be operated under ICBC Group system, which includes the group’s unfied system set by the Head Office, systems set by the Head Office to adapting to domestic or overseas branches, as well as systems set by institutions at all levels internally.	境外财务管理工作应在工商银行集团的制度体系下运行。 工商银行集团制度体系包括总行制定的集团统一的制度、总行制订的适应境内机构或境外机构的制度，以及各机构内部制定的制度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions’ financial management is consistent with the group in terms of management principles and directions.They should implement the systems with reference to the group and domestic institutions’ systems under the circumstance of non-conflicting with local regulatory requirements.	境外机构的财务管理工作在管理原则、管理方向上和集团财务管理制度保持一致，在不与当地监管要求冲突的情况下，应参照集团及境内机构的制度执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Major financial management systems at the group-level include the Basic Regulations on Financial Accounting (G.Y.F. [2005] No.198), the Administrative Measures on Fixed Assests (Trial) (G.Y.F. [2009] No.98), the Administrative Measures on Operating Expense (Revised) (G.Y.F. [2012] No.1), and the Administrative Regulations on the State-owned Assets Assessment (G.Y.B.F. [2011] No.726).	集团层面有代表性的财务管理制度主要有：《财务会计基本制度》（工银发[2005]198号）、《固定资产管理办法（试行）》（工银发[2009]98号）、《营业费用管理办法（修订）》（工银发[2012]1号）、《国有资产评估管理规定》（工银办发[2011]726号）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, the Head Office has released a serie of financial managent regulations and systems specific to actual status of overseas institutions in order to meet their actual management situation and serve for actual operation.	同时，总行发布了一系列针对境外机构实际情况的财务管理制度，以符合境外机构的实际管理情况，为实际运营服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Primarily, they are the Management Regulations for Expenses in Establishing Overseas Institutions (G.Y.B.F. [2011] No.202), the Administrative Measures on Overseas Institutions’ Book Capital (G.Y.B.F. [2007] No.721), and the Administrative Measures on Operating Performance Assessment of Heads of Overseas Institutions (Revised) (G.Y.F. [2011] No.72).	主要有《筹建境外机构费用管理规程》（工银办发[2011]202号）、《境外机构账面资本管理办法》（工银办发[2010]721号）、《境外机构负责人经营绩效考评办法(修订)》（工银发[2011]72号）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, institutions at all levels have launched their internal financial management regulations or implantation rules in order to satisfy their own financial management requirements, such as review and approval system for large-value financial affairs, regulations on finanacial expense payment, regulations on financial accounting, and regulations on financial accounting archives management.	此外，各机构为满足自身财务管理需要，出台了各机构的内部财务管理规定或实施细则，如大额财务事项的审议制度、财务费用支付规程、财务核算规定、财务会计档案管理规定等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Accounting and Financial Reports	三、会计核算及财务报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Accounting management	（一）会计核算管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s accounting follows the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises - Basic Standard” issud by Ministry of Finance in February 2006, and 38 specific accounting rules, application instructions, and explanations as well as other relevant regulations.	工商银行的财务核算遵循财政部2006年2月颁布的《企业会计准则——基本准则》和38项具体会计准则、应用指南、解释以及其他相关规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Currently, the structure and contents of China’s accounting standards are getting consistent with the international ones.	目前中国会计准则的结构及内容均与国际会计准则趋同。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Accounting item management	（二）会计科目管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Finance & Accounting Department at the Head Office manages the accounting items’ setting, adjustment, numbering and accounting standards used by ICBC centrally.		sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office and domastic branches should use a unified accounting item system produced by the Head Office.	工商银行会计科目的设置、调整、编号及核算标准均由总行财务会计部集中管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The overseas institutions may set up an accounting item system on their own based on business development of themselves, and requirements of local regulatory authorities. However, when submit and send financial reports as well as relevant basic information statements to the Head Office, on the premise of maintaining consistent with ICBC’s accounting policies, they need to transmit their financial & accounting information into the Group’s accounting items or statements items.	总行、境内各分支机构必须使用总行统一制定的会计科目体系，境外机构可根据自身业务发展和当地监管要求自行设置会计科目体系，但向总行报送财务报告及相关基础信息表时，应在保持与工商银行会计政策一致的前提下，将其财务会计信息转换为集团会计科目或报表项目反映。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions are responsible for examining regualry whether the Head Office’s accounting item system is able to meet requirements of business growth and of producing and submitting financial reports to the Head Office. They are also in charge of doing financial report convertion and adjustment based on the Head Office’s accounting item system and accounting policies, and submitting requirements to the Head Office timely for adding, changing, discontinuing or cancelling account items based on relevant procedures.	境外机构负责定期检查总行会计科目体系能否满足其各项业务发展和向总行报表填报需要，负责根据总行会计科目体系和会计政策进行报表转换和调整，负责按照相关程序及时向总行提交新增、变更、停用或撤销会计科目的需求申请。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Financial reports	（三）财务报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Financial reports by overseas institutions	1.境外机构财务报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In general, overseas institutions have three kinds of financial reports.	境外机构财务报告一般分为三类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The first one is financial reports issued according to the requirements of regulatory authorities in the countries where they are located. The second one is financial reports together with business reports issued according to the requirements of the parent company’s regulatory authority as well as overseas institutions’ own requirements and internal management requirements of the Group. The third one is management statements of overseas institutions issued by their financial departments due to requirements of internal management during daily management, to reflect the internal operation as well as advantages and disadvantages of operating results.	一是受属地国监管当局的要求出具的财务报告；二是受母公司监管当局以及本机构及集团内部的管理要求出具的财务报告及各类业务报；三是在日常管理过程中，管理层由于内部管理的需要，也需要财务部门出具本机构的各项管理明细，体现内部运作情况及经营成果的优劣。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Group’s consolidated financial reports	2.集团合并财务报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office requires all domestic and overseas branches, and subsidiaries to make financial statements according to the accounting policies used by the Head Office when they prepare and submit accounting statements to it.	总行要求所有境内外分支机构、子公司在编制上报给总行的会计报表时，必须按照总行使用的会计政策编制报表。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For any inconsistency between accounting polices used by the overseas institutions and the Head Office, they should make necessary adjustments on financial statements of subsidiaries according to the Head Office’s accounting policies, or prepare individual accounting statements according to the parent company’s accounting policies.	境外机构所采用的会计政策与总行不一致的，应当按照总行的会计政策对子公司财务报表进行必要的调整，或者按照母公司的会计政策另行编报会计报表。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In case those subsidiaries have subordinated institutions, they need to first collect statements from subordinated institutions, and to consolidate statements to produce ones at subsidiary-level, and afterwards report to the Head Office. 	子公司存在下属机构的，应先汇总下级机构的报表，形成子公司层面的合并报表后上报总行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Financial Authorization Management	四、财务授权管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Management approaches for financial authorization	（一）财务授权的管理方式	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Each year, the Head Office passes financial authorizations down to all overseas institutions through issuing authorization documents or shareholders’ advice letters.	总行每年通过下发授权文件或股东意见函的方式给各境外机构下达财务授权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All overseas institutions should implement financial matters controlled strictly within authorized scope.	各境外机构财务事项均应严格控制在授权范围内执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For events beyond authorized scope, they should report to the Head Office for review and approval. They should not deal with those matters beyond authorized scope unless they have received approved documents from the Head Office. Reports after those beyond authorized scope have occurred or concealed and unreported ones are not permitted.	超授权事项应报总行审批，获得总行批文后方可进行超授权事项的处理事宜，不得事后上报或隐瞒不报。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Financial authorization to overseas institutions	（二）境外机构财务授权	sample1-en-sample1-zh
At present, authorization to ICBC overseas institutions features by the following: first, it covers all overseas and holding institutions’ financial authorizations, and implements financial authorization to the Group’s subsidiaries which have controlling abilities.	目前我行境外机构的授权特点：一是实现境外及控股机构财务授权全覆盖，对具有控制力的集团子公司均进行财务授权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Second, based on overseas institutions’ development, structure of financial authorization indicators are optimized and adjusted regularly.	二是根据境外机构的发展状况定期优化调整财务授权指标结构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Third, a mechanism linked to performance has been introduced into financial management authorization system.	三是在财务管理授权体系中引入业绩挂钩机制，部分财务授权项目和机构的经营业绩挂钩。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Part of financial authorization items have been linked with institutions’ operating performance. Currently, overseas institutions’ authorization indicators primarily involve purchase of premises & vehicles, expenditure on purchasing other fixed assets and intangible assets (single purchase), rental on premises, single investment on decoration and rebuilding of fixed assets, loss from fixed asset disposal (single purchase), accumulated end-of-year donation expenditure, other expenditure beyond business (single purchase), first-time hiring and changing of auditor, and allocation of profits.	目前境外机构授权指标主要包括购置房屋车辆、购置其他固定资产及无形资产（单笔）支出、营业办公用房租赁、单项固定资产装修改造总投资、处置固定资产损失（单笔）、年度捐赠累计支出、其他营业外支出（单笔）、首次聘请及更换审计师、利润分配等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. Financial Budget Management	五、财务预算管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Contents of budget management	（一）预算管理的内容	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s financial budget management mainly includes three parts, that is, all branches’ budgets, operating expense budget and budgets by product and department.	工商银行财务预算管理主要有各分支机构预算、营业费用预算、分产品分部门预算三部分内容。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Branches shall set their budget targets scientifically according to the driving effects of each asset & liability business and fee-based business on operational outcome.	各分支机构均应根据各项资产负债业务和中间业务发展对经营成果的驱动关系，科学编制分机构预算目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Budgets by product and department are decomposed to each product from branch budget. First, product budgets are produced after being consolidated at each level bottom-up; then, budgets by department are made according to corresponding relationship between departments and products. A budget management model integrated of departments & regions at different levels is finally generated.	分产品、分部门预算由机构预算分解到各产品，“自下而上”层层汇总编制成产品预算，再按照部门产品对照关系，建立分部门预算，最终形成“条块结合”的预算管理模式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
How to allocate and manage operating expenses should stick out to the efficiency-first principle, promoting a resource allocation mechanism with focus on economic added-value and orientation on value-contribution.	营业费用的分配和管理，坚持贯彻效率优先原则，推行以经济增加值为核心、以价值贡献为导向的资源配置机制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
On the basis of guaranteeing all branches’ basic operation, expense incentives should be related to value-creation in order to fully boost a positive role of resources in business growth and profit increase, and lead the whole bank to establish the philosophy of capital constraint and the business target of sustainable growth.	在满足分支机构基本运营保障的基础上，实行激励费用和价值创造相挂钩，充分发挥费用资源对业务发展和盈利增长的促进作用，引导全行树立资本约束理念和可持续增长的经营目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Implementation process for overall budget	（二）全面预算的实施流程	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The implementation of overall budget management involves setting budget targets, decomposing and passing down budget targets and monitoring implementation of budget as well as getting feedback on implementation.	全面预算管理的实施包括预算目标的制定、预算目标的分解与下达、预算执行情况的监测与反馈等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Set budget targets	1.预算目标的制定	sample1-en-sample1-zh
First, setting budget targets should be based on long-term development strategies; second, budget targets should be set reasonably on the basis of reasonable judgments on economic and financial development conditions, and a balance between developing business and controlling risks; third, setting budget targets should reflect adequately the requirements for optimizing business structure and strengthening foundation of profit.	一是以长期发展战略规划为依据。 二是以合理判断经济金融发展形势、业务发展与风险控制的平衡为基础合理编制。 三是充分体现优化经营结构、夯实盈利基础的要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Decompose & pass down targets	2.预算目标的分解与下达	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office sets and reports indicators, principles, methods and procedures according to the Group’s plan; each branch makes forecasting on its financial budget and business plan by combining market environment with requirements for its own growth, and reports them to the Head Office in time; the Head Office determines budgets and passes them down to all branches, referring to forecasting results reported by each branch; each branch decomposes all targets of plans to the institutions in its jurisdiction to secure realizing business targets of the whole bank.	总行根据集团计划编报指标、原则、方法和流程；分支机构结合市场环境和自身发展要求，对本行各项财务预算及经营计划进行预测，及时上报总行；总行参考各机构上报的测算结果，确定预算，下达分行；各机构向辖属机构逐级分解各项计划目标，确保全行经营目标的实现。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Monitor implementation of budgets and get feedback	3.预算执行情况的监测与反馈	sample1-en-sample1-zh
At the end of budget implementation or a critical point in the middle of budget implementation (for example, end of quarter, end of half-year, end of year), branches are responsible for reporting status of budget implementation, discovering reasons for differences, putting forward solutions, and setting correction steps to ensure a successful implementation of budget in the next period; if there exists objective deviations which are difficult to be revised in budget implementation outcomes and budget targets, the latter might be adjusted if necessary.	在预算执行结束或预算期中间的关键时点（如季末、半年末、年末等），由分支机构上报预算执行情况报告，查找差异原因，提出解决对策，制定纠偏措施，确保下一阶段预算执行顺利完成；若预算执行结果与预算目标存在难以纠正的客观偏离，必要时可调整预算目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Overseas institutions’ budget management	（三）境外机构预算管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Currently, there are three indicators used in overseas institutions’ financial budgets, including post-provisioning profit, post-provisioning profit deducting capital costs and operating expense budget.	目前境外机构财务预算指标包括提取拨备后利润、扣除资本成本后拨备后利润及营业费用预算三项。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Post-provisioning profit	1.提取拨备后利润	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This indicator is mainly used by overseas institutions for day-to day financial monitoring and deciding assessment target value for ROE (Return on Equity) at the end of year.	该指标主要用于境外机构日常财务监测和年末确定ROE（权益回报率）考核目标值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Post-provisioning profit deducting capital costs	2.扣除资本成本后拨备后利润	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Setting this indicator aims to leading actively overseas institutions in building philosophy of capital costs, and keeping them raising levels of return on capital, primarily used in year-end performance assessment and deciding assessment target value for ROA (Return on Assets).	设定该指标的目的旨在积极引导境外机构树立资本成本理念，持续提高资本回报水平，主要用于年末经营绩效考核及确定ROA（资产回报率）考核目标值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Of them, calculation method for cost to capital ratio should be taken according to the Notice on Strengthening Capital Valuation and Assessment in Overseas institutions (G.Y.B.F. [2011] No. 227).	其中资本金占用成本的计算方法按照《关于加大对境外机构资本金计价和考核力度的通知》（工银办发[2011]227号）的规定执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Operating expenses	3.营业费用	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This indicator is composed of basic, earmarked and incentive expenses.	该指标由基础费用、专项费用及激励费用组成。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Of them, basic expense takes previous year’s actual expenditure as a benchmark, excluding current year’s irregular expenses and deductions with expenses exceeding budgets, and relating to growth rate of net operating income in the budget.	其中，基础费用以上年度实际费用支出为基准，剔除当年非常规性费用支出及费用超预算扣除项目，并与预算营业净收入增长率挂钩。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Earmarked expenses include the ones for purchasing, renting and decorating houses by overseas institutions.	专项费用包括境外机构购置、租赁房屋及装修事项等相关支出。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Incentive expenses, a line of flexible ones, are associated with all branches’ operating performance.	激励费用为弹性费用额度，与各机构的经营效益挂钩。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VI. Operating Performance Assessment	六、经营绩效考评	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Over recent years, ICBC has been keeping strengthening to establish an assessment system for overseas institutions, and set assessment measures for overseas institutions, namely, the Measures for Assessing Operating Performance of Leaders at Overseas Institutions, which is gradually being adjusted towards a perfect one based on overseas institutions’ development strategies and operation orientations of whole bank.	近年来，工商银行不断加强境外机构考评体系建设，制定了境外机构考评办法，即《境外机构负责人经营绩效考评办法》，并根据境外机构发展战略和全行经营导向逐年调整完善。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Target and principle of performance assessment	（一）绩效考评的目标和原则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The target of performance assessment on overseas institutions is leading them to take both current-period performance and long-term benefits into consideration through improving incentive mechanism and clarifying operation orientation, boosting adjustment of business and revenue structures, advancing strategic transformation, boosting overall management of overseas institutions and their operating performance, improving a balanced development for both domestic and overseas institutions, and pushing ICBC to implement transnational operation strategies successfully.	境外机构考评的目标是通过完善激励机制和明确经营导向，引导境外机构兼顾当期效益与长远利益，加快推进业务结构和收益结构调整，推进战略转型，提升境外行整体管理水平和经营绩效，促进境内外机构协调发展，推动我行跨国经营战略顺利实施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Assessment of overseas institutions follows mainly four principles as seeking “operation orientation, different assessment, comprehensive and balanced, simple and efficient”. The principle of operation orientation is for a purpose of pushing ICBC to take transnational operation strategies, leading overseas institutions to increase the return on capital, to realize strategic transformation. The one of different assessment is to implement differential assessment of overseas institutions according to their specific features, take “branch-specific policy” to determine assessment plan, and provide classified guidance. The one of comprehensive and balanced is to take the balance of short-term performance and long-term development, balance of growth rate and revenue quality, balance of operating performance and risk prevention, balance of finance and non-finance into consideration when an assessment system is designed. The one of simple and eFficient is to design an assessment system with simple and clear contents, to select key performance indicators that are typical, comprehensive and highly recognizable, and to make assessment procedures clear about each responsibility and highly efficient and prompt.	境外机构考评主要遵循经营导向、差别考评、综合平衡、简便高效四个原则。 经营导向原则即考评以推动我行跨国经营战略实施为目的，引导境外机构提高资本回报，实现战略转型；差别考评原则即根据境外机构的特点实施有差别的考核评价，“一行一策”制定考评方案，进行分类指导；综合平衡原则即考评体系设计兼顾短期业绩与长期发展的平衡、发展速度与收益质量的平衡、经营效益与风险防范的平衡、财务与非财务的平衡；简便高效原则即考评体系设计力求内容简洁明确，选择具有代表性、综合性、认同度高的关键业绩指标，考核流程分工明确，高效快捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Main content of performance assessment	（二）绩效考评的主要内容	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Assessment approaches	1.考评方式	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Assessment approaches combine both quantitative and qualitative evaluations.	采用定量考评和定性评价相结合的考评方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Quantative assessment uses KPIs for evaluation, and a computation with weighted multiple indicators, primarily setting three indicators as operating performance, business development and risk control.	定量考核采用KPI考核，运用多指标加权方法计分，主要设置经营效益、业务发展和风险控制三方面指标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Qualitative assessment mainly targets at the results of overseas institutions in terms of strategic transformation, long-term and efficient operating system construction as well as internal and external interactions.	定性评价主要考核境外机构在战略转型、经营长效机制建设以及内外联动方面的工作业绩。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Classification of assessment on overseas institutions	2.考评机构分类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Bases on overseas institutions’ establishing time and business growth stages, they are classified into category A (an institution at a developed stage in business) and B (an institution at a developing stage in business) for respective assessment.	依据境外机构成立的时间顺序和业务发展阶段，将境外机构分为A类（业务相对成熟机构）和B类（处于成长阶段的机构）机构分别考核。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Different weights have been set for those two categories. For category A institutions, the assessment focuses on performance indicators such as ROE; for category B institutitions, the assessment focuses on qualitative evaluation based on an appropriate lowering of requirement on return on capital because they normally have smaller business size, and greater volatile performance.	对两类机构设置差异化的考核权重，A类机构重点考核ROE等效益类指标，B类机构由于经营规模普遍较小，业绩波动较大，在适当降低资本回报要求的基础上更强调定性考核。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Assessment target value and scoring methods	3.考评目标值及计分方法	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Quantitative assessment indicators.	（1）定量考评指标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These adopt target value scoring method with setting three levels of annual assessment target value including bottom-line target T1, basic target T2 and ideal target T3 for each measurement, corresponding to a score of 30, 60 and 100, respectively.	定量考评指标采用目标值计分法，对每个指标分别设置保本目标T1、基本目标T2、理想目标T3三档年度考核目标值，对应分值分别为30分、60分、100分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
T1 target value is set based primarily on the lowest level in previous assessing period among all institutions assessed with an emphasis on the minimum task requirement for each institution.	T1目标值设定以全部被考评机构上一考核期最低水平为基本依据，强调对各机构的最低任务要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Institutions would get 30 points if they reached the T1 value; otherwise, they would get nothing.	指标达到T1值时可得30分，否则不能得分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
T2 target value sets a starting point at an actual operation status of each institution, and implements “branch-specific policy” according to its performance history and growth trend combining market environment, interest rate level and monitoring requirements.	T2目标值制定以各机构的实际经营情况为出发点，根据机构绩效指标的历史情况和发展趋势，结合市场环境、利率水平和监管要求等方面因素“一行一策”制定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An institution would get 60 if it met T2 value.	指标达到T2值时可得60分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
T3 target value is set primarily based on the whole level of the Group and the best one of overseas institutions, directing overseas institutions to keep up with the whole group, and to boost continually their operation.	T3目标值设定主要以集团整体水平和境外机构的最优水平为基本依据，引导境外机构向集团水平看齐，不断提升经营水平。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Branches would get 100 if they reached the T3 value.	指标达到T3值时可得100分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Qualitative assessment indicators.	（2）定性考评指标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A leveled scoring method is used, that is, different levels of scoring are set according to degrees of meeting assessment indicators. A branch assessed would get points corresponding to that level if it had met assessment requirement of the level.	对定性评价指标采用分级计分法，即根据考评指标达标程度设定不同的计分级次，被考核行达到某级次的考核要求则得到该级次对应的分数。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Major application of assessment results	（三）考评结果的主要应用	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Assessment outcomes for overseas institutions are mainly used as important references to evaluate work performance of leaders at overseas institutions, resources allocation such as financial budget, overseas institutions’ bonus distribution, operation authorization, staff appointment and replacement and leave audit.	境外机构考评结果主要作为评价境外机构负责人工作业绩、财务预算等资源配置、境外机构奖金分配、经营授权、人事任免、离任稽核等方面的重要参考依据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The institutions assessed can also take the assessment results as the analysis basis for their self-discipline assessment and the reference for improving the business management.	被考评单位也可将考评结果作为其自律性评价分析的依据和改进经营管理的参考。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VII. Taxation Management	七、应税事务管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Management approach	（一）管理方式	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC currently hires external consultant to provide globally uniform service on taxation consulting for the Head Office and all overseas institutions.	工商银行目前聘请了外部咨询顾问为总行及各境外机构提供全球统一的税务咨询服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The service provider’s global service agencies supply overseas branch consulting service on taxation of the country that the branch is located in. The Head Office and the provider‘s company in China, as general coordinators, monitor status of service supplied and collect service results.	该服务商的全球服务机构分别为境外机构提供所在国家的税务咨询，总行及服务商中国公司作为项目总协调人，监督服务情况、汇总服务成果。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Management contents	（二）管理内容	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A global taxation consulting service includes three parts: tax return, transfer pricing and international taxation planning.	全球税务咨询服务包括纳税申报、转移定价以及国际税收筹划三大板块。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Tax return	1.纳税申报	sample1-en-sample1-zh
China team of the consulting company monitors work progress of global institutions at all times through internal communication and project management tool, and periodically reports overseas institutions’ tax return progress together with problems combined to the Head Office.	咨询公司中国团队通过内部沟通和项目管理工具随时监控全球各机构的工作进展，并定期向总行提供境外机构的纳税申报进度报告及问题汇总。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Transfer pricing	2.转移定价	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It includes: (1) risk testing worldwide: assess and summarize risk of transfer pricing from aspects of country, enterprise, and business for all overseas institutions; (2) formulating transfer pricing policy: based on satisfying requirements of laws and regulations, assisting in formulating transfer pricing policies for all institutions by summarizing relevant laws and regulations of country (region) that each overseas institution is located in; and (3) information disclosure and documentation support: assisting overseas institutions in preparing for same-period materials, meeting requirements of disclosing related party transaction information of all areas, and reacting actively to inspection of authorities.	转移定价包括：（1）全球范围风险测试：从国家、企业、业务层面评估和总结各境外机构转移定价风险。 （2）转移定价政策制定：总结各境外机构所在国家（地区）的相关法规，在满足法规要求的基础上，协助制定我行各机构的转移定价政策。 （3）信息披露与文档支持：协助境外机构准备同期资料、协助满足各区域关联交易信息披露需求，主动应对监管机构的检查。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. International taxation planning	3.国际税收筹划	sample1-en-sample1-zh
International taxation planning may lower effectively global investment and financing costs, ensuring a free flow of foreign capital, enabling overseas institutions to obtain effective tax rates over competitors, and boosting maximizing benefits of shareholders at transnational company.	国际税收筹划可有效降低在全球范围内的投资和融资成本支出，保证海外资金自由流动，使境外机构获得优于竞争对手的有效税率，促进跨国公司股东利益最大化。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Presently, international taxation planning service used by ICBC mainly concentrates in three sides: perennial taxation consultancy, specific tax consultancy and tax policy updating.	目前工商银行采用的国际税收筹划服务主要集中于常年税务顾问、专项税务咨询、税务政策更新三方面。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VIII. Comprehensive System for Overseas Financial Management	八、境外财务管理综合系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC, through building electronic platform for a comprehensive system of overseas financial management, has achieved a unification and standard management of the Group’s financial expenses and financial resources worldwide, realized an integrated management system of financial payment and accounting approaches as well as financial management model both domestically and overseas. By constructing a total information database on overseas institutions’ financial affairs, ICBC builds globally a foundation for the Group’s refined financial management, providing data support and analysis methods for the Group’s optimized management over financial decisions, financial risk control, financial cost control and financial process control.	工商银行通过境外财务管理综合系统电子化平台的建设，在全球实现了集团财务费用及财务资源的统一、规范管理，实现境内了外财务支付和核算手段、财务管理模式的一体化管理；通过境外机构财务事件的全量信息数据库的建设，构建集团全球范围内财务精细化管理的基础，为全集团的财务决策、财务风险控制、财务成本控制、财务流程控制等环节的优化管理提供了数据支持和分析手段。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A comprehensive system for overseas financial management covers authorization approval, accounting & payment, information feedback, ledger management and fixed assets card management for all the financial monitoring items.	境外财务管理综合系统涵盖包括所有财务监控科目在内的授权审批、核算支付、信息反馈、台账管理、固定资产卡片管理等内容。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Two Capital Management System	第二节 资本管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Capital Management System	一、资本管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate and strengthen capital management, with reference to documentation promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, according to the Management Measures for Capital Adequacy Ratios of Commercial Banks of China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) and the Articles of Association of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, ICBC promulgated and implemented officially the Capital Management System in February 2008 applicable to all of its overseas and domestic branches.	为规范和加强资本管理，并借鉴巴塞尔银行监管委员会颁布的有关文件，依据中国银监会《商业银行资本充足率管理办法》和《中国工商银行股份有限公司章程》，工商银行《资本管理制度》于2008年2月正式颁布实施，该办法适用于全行境内外所有分支机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Primarily, ICBC manages capital aiming at first, maintaining a reasonable capital adequacy ratio level, keeping satisfying regulatory requirements, and guaranteeing the Bank’s safe operation; second, building the Bank’s value management system focusing on economic capital, optimizing the whole bank’s resources allocation and operation management system, and generating best return on capital for shareholders; and third, using varied capital tools, optimizing total capital amount and structure, and bringing down capital financing costs. 	工商银行资本管理的基本目标：一是保持合理的资本充足率水平，持续满足监管要求，确保银行安全运营；二是建立以经济资本为核心的银行价值管理体系，优化全行资源配置和经营管理机制，为股东创造最佳回报；三是运用各类资本工具，优化资本总量与结构，降低资本融资成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Management Measures for Capital Adequacy Ratio	二、资本充足率管理办法	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate and strengthen capital adequacy ratio management, with reference to documentation promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, according to the Management Measures for Capital Adequacy Ratios of Commercial Bank of CBRC and the Capital Management System of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, ICBC promulgated and implemented officially the Management Measures for Capital Adequacy Ratio in February 2008 applicable to all of its overseas and domestic branches. The capital mentioned in the Measures includes core and supplementary capital, defined by regulatory regulations.	为规范和加强全行资本充足率管理，依据银监会《商业银行资本充足率管理办法》和《中国工商银行资本管理制度》，工商银行《资本充足率管理办法》于2008年2月正式颁布实施，该办法适用于全行境内外所有分支机构。 该办法所指资本包括符合监管规定的核心资本和附属资本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Core capital includes share capital, items recognized into capital reserve, general reserve, surplus reserve, items recognized into retained profits, and minority equity.	核心资本包括股本、资本公积可计入部分、一般准备、盈余公积、未分配利润可计入部分和少数股权等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supplementary capital includes items recognized into revaluation reserve, general provision for loan impairment, preferred shares, convertible bonds, convertible bonds, long-term subordinated debits, and hybrid capital bonds.	附属资本包括重估储备可计入部分、贷款损失一般准备、优先股、可转换债券、长期次级债务及混合资本债券等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Capital definition and calculation way by an overseas branch shall follow regulatory requirements of the country or region where it is located.	境外分支机构的资本定义和计算方法应遵照所在国家或地区的监管规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
	该办法所指风险加权资产是资产负债表内和表外各类资产按照风险权重进行加权后的风险敞口、市场风险资本要求乘以12.5倍转化系数后的风险敞口之和。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
	境外分支机构的风险加权资产定义和计算方法应遵照所在国家或地区的监管规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Objective of capital adequacy ratio management	（一）资本充足率管理目标	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The management objective for ICBC is to set up a reasonable control target for its capital adequacy ratio, and restrict risk assets from an overexpansion, through establishing an efficient management system for the capital adequacy ratio on the premise of ensuring the whole bank’s capital adequacy ratio not lower than regulatory requirements.	工商银行资本充足率管理目标是通过建立有效的资本充足率管理机制，在确保全行资本充足率不低于监管要求的前提下，制定合理的资本充足率控制目标，约束风险资产过度扩张。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on the CBRC’s relevant requirements in the Management Measures for Capital Adequacy Ratios of Commercial Banks, the whole bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated capital adequacy ratio shouldn’t be lower than 8%; the whole bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated core capital adequacy ratio shouldn’t be lower than 4%; if regulatory authorities set dynamic regulatory indicators or raise minimum capital requirements, their requirements should be met.	根据中国银监会《商业银行资本充足率管理办法》的相关要求，全行并表口径和未并表口径资本充足率不得低于8%；全行并表口径和未并表口径核心资本充足率不得低于4%；若监管部门设置动态监管指标或提高最低资本要求，则须达到监管部门相关要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Moreover, in future, regulatory authorities in China might further boost minimum capital requirements for commercial banks according to relevant regulations in the Basel III.	此外，未来中国监管部门可能会根据巴塞尔协议III的相关规定，进一步提高商业银行最低资本要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An overseas branch should meet regulatory requirements for the minimum capital of the country or region where it is located.	境外分支机构应满足所在国家或地区的最低资本监管要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Capital adequacy ratio calculation	（二）资本充足率计算	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The calculation of consolidated and unconsolidated capital adequacy ratios should meet requirements of the CBRC’s Management Measures for Capital Adequacy Ratios of Commercial Banks as well as its follow-up normative documents. Computation ways for capital adequacy ratio by an overseas branch should meet regulatory requirements of the country or region where it is located.	并表口径和未并表口径的资本充足率计算应符合银监会《商业银行资本充足率管理办法》及后续规范性文件要求，境外分支机构的资本充足率计算方法应按照所在国家或地区的监管规定执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Plan and control of capital adequacy ratio	（三）资本充足率计划与控制	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on the development strategies, the Head Office takes factors such as returns to shareholders, regulatory requirements, business expansion and external market environment into full consideration, and determines yearly targets of consolidated and unconsolidated capital adequacy ratios of ICBC.	总行根据发展战略，统筹考虑股东回报、监管要求、业务发展和外部市场环境等因素，确定工商银行并表口径和未并表口径的资本充足率年度目标值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office sets current-year plans for risk assets control and capital supplementation (repurchase) based on the annual capital adequacy plan. In case of any significant events affecting capital adequacy ratio, the plan for capital adequacy ratio may be adjusted. 	总行根据年度资本充足计划，制定当年风险资产控制方案和资本补充（回购）方案，如发生影响资本充足率的重大事项，可调整资本充足率计划。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Monitoring of and early warning about capital adequacy ratio	（四）资本充足率监测预警	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office monitors whole bank’s (including subsidiaries and holding institutions) capital adequacy status regularly.	总行定期监测全行（包括子行和控股机构）的资本充足状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Typically, a monitoring frequency shouldn’t be less than once per quarter; under special mention and early warning, the frequency should be intensified according to specific situations; primarily, capital and risk assets changes are required to be monitored.	正常状态下，监测频度不少于每季一次，关注和预警状态下，根据具体情况提高监测频度；监测内容主要是资本变动和风险资产变动情况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to the bank-wide capital adequacy ratio target, an early warning interval for capital adequacy ratio is set up in order to distinguish three statuses: normal, special mention and early warning, and corresponding steps need to be taken.	根据全行资本充足率目标，设置资本充足率预警区间，区分正常、关注和预警三种状态并分别采取相应的措施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Information disclosure	（五）信息披露	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Regarding statistics related to capital adequacy ratio, authorized departments are responsible to disclose them to the public according to the system on information disclosure of ICBC, after approved by the Board of Directors.	资本充足率相关数据，经董事会批准后，由授权部门依据我行相关信息披露制度负责对外披露。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vi. Miscellaneous	（六）其他情况说明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If CBRC adjusts its regulatory regulations on capital adequacy ratio of commercial banks, ICBC will calculate and disclose its capital adequacy ratio pursuant to new regulations.	如中国银监会对商业银行资本充足率相关监管规定进行调整，则工商银行按照新规定计算并披露资本充足率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Management Measures for Economic Capital	三、经济资本管理办法	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to enhance economic capital management and improve capital management system, ICBC has promulgated and implemented officially the Management Measures for Economic Capital since February 2008 in accordance with the regulations such as the Capitla Management System of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. The Measures are applicable to all of its domestic and overseas branches.	为规范经济资本管理，完善资本管理体系，依据《中国工商银行资本管理制度》等规定，工商银行《经济资本管理办法》于2008年2月正式颁布实施，该办法适用于全行境内外所有分支机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Objective of economic capital management	（一）经济资本管理目标	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For economic capital management, the objective of ICBC is to allocate capital return requirements to each branch and product by constructing an effective measurement and allocation system for economic capital, and to put restriction on its overall risk level through setting an economic capital limit in order to enhance an optimum allocation and effective usage of the whole bank’s resources. 	工商银行经济资本管理目标是通过建立有效的经济资本计量和配置体系，将资本回报的要求贯彻落实到各个分支机构和产品上，并通过经济资本限额对其风险总水平进行约束，以促进全行资源的优化配置和有效使用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Economic capital measurement	（二）经济资本计量	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Economic capital measurement includes the calculation of economic capital supply, demand and buffering capacity.	经济资本计量包括经济资本供给量、经济资本需求量、经济资本缓冲量的计量。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The economic capital of the whole bank should maintain a dynamic balance between supply and demand.	全行经济资本供给量与经济资本需求量应保持动态平衡。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A difference, where economic capital supply is greater than demand, is regarded as the buffering capacity, used for strategic capital reserve and covering other risk economic capital needs.	经济资本供给量高于经济资本需求量的差额为经济资本缓冲量，用于战略性资本储备和覆盖其他风险经济资本需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An economic capital gap occurs when economic capital supply is less than demand.	经济资本供给量少于经济资本需求量的差额为经济资本缺口。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Economic capital allocation	（三）经济资本配置	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An economic capital allocation needs to maintain a dynamic balance between economic capital supply and demand. 	经济资本配置应保持经济资本供给量与经济资本需求量之间的动态平衡。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Economic capital evaluation	（四）经济资本评价	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An economic capital evaluation is a comprehensive one made on risks and earnings of object evaluated with economic capital indicators, including evaluation contents, indicators, and frequency as well as application of evaluation results.	经济资本评价是运用经济资本指标，对评价对象的风险和收益进行综合评判。 评价要素包括评价内容、评价指标、评价频率和评价结果应用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Economic capital application	（五）经济资本应用	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC is gradually applying economic capital to such areas as bank-wide performance assessment, resources allocation, risk management, credit decisions, customer management, product pricing and institution management.	我行正逐步将经济资本全面应用于全行绩效考核、资源配置、风险管理、信贷决策、客户管理、产品定价和机构管理等领域。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vi. Monitoring and reporting of economic capital	（六）经济资本监测与报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Each domestic tier-one branch (or that directly under the Head Office) is required to send its half-year and annual reports on economic capital management regularly to the Head Office. Overseas institutions are required to send relevant statistical statements on economic capital to the Head Office regularly.	境内各一级（直属）分行定期向总行报送经济资本半年度、年度管理报告，境外分支机构定期向总行报送经济资本统计报表。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office combines the whole bank’s economic capital data, analyzes operating status and features of economic capital, and reports regularly to the Senior Management on economic capital management.	总行汇总全行经济资本相关数据，分析经济资本运用情况和特点，定期向高级管理层提交经济资本管理报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Three Credit Management System	第三节 信贷管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Overall Structure of Credit Management	一、信贷管理整体架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Organizational structure	（一）组织架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In recent years, ICBC is gradually constructing a flat organizational structure centering on the Head Office.	近年来，工商银行逐步建立以总行为中心的扁平化组织架构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office determines uniformly risk criteria and appetite, sets and issues credit policy system, directs the bank’s credit resources to be allocated scientifically among regions, sectors, products and customers, and manages the whole bank’s credit risks of all customers (corporate, institutional and personal, domestic and overseas); all branches conduct credit business within a scope permitted according to all kinds of normative documents issued by the Head Office, and feedback on the implementation of credit policy system.	总行统一确定风险标准和偏好，制定和发布信贷政策制度，指导全行信贷资源在区域、行业、产品、客户间的科学配置，对全行各类客户（公司、机构与个人，境内与境外）的信用风险进行管理；各分支机构根据总行发布的各类规范性文件，在权限内开展信贷业务，对政策制度执行情况进行反馈。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In terms of the Head Office, a Credit Risk Management Committee is built under the Senior Management, responsible for reviewing and approving of regulations involving bank-wide credit risk’s basic credit policy, management system, business process and related system standards; reviewing of yearly credit risk business’ basic authorization, the whole bank’s credit risk management reports, internal assessment and measurement models of credit risk, and important credit risk management issues. Functional departments of credit business are required to separate front-, middle- and back offices from each other with front-office departments in charge of marketing due diligence investigation of credit business, middle-office departments in charge of customer ratings-based credit extensions, business examination and approval, and back-office risk management departments in charge of formulating and issuing credit policies and systems as lending entry, business process operation, and post-lending management, undertaking post-lending supervision and inspection, and managing uniformly post-lending risks.	总行层面，高级管理层下设信用风险管理委员会，负责审议涉及全行信用风险的基本信贷政策、管理制度、业务流程和相关系统标准等规定，审议年度信用风险业务基本授权，审议全行信用风险管理报告，审议信用风险内部评估和计量模型，审核重大信用风险管理事项；信贷业务职能部门实行前、中、后台分离，前台部门负责信贷业务的营销尽职调查，中台部门负责客户评级授信、业务审查和审批，后台风险管理部门负责信贷准入、流程操作、贷后管理等信贷政策制度的制订和发布，承担贷后监督检查等职能，对贷后风险进行统一管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Figure 2-1 Organizational Structure of ICBC’s Credit Business	图2-1 工商银行信贷业务组织架构图	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Policy system	（二）政策体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s credit policy system is to set risk management target based on the whole bank’s development strategies and risk appetite, and to adjust and optimize timely the credit structure through business authorization and credit limit, ensuring an implementation of bank-wide development strategies, which involves four dimensions, that is, credit policies by customer, product, industry and region.	工商银行的信贷政策体系是根据全行的发展战略和风险偏好设定风险管理目标，通过业务授权、信贷限额等工具对信贷结构进行及时调整与优化，确保全行发展战略的贯彻实施，包括客户信贷政策、产品信贷政策、行业信贷政策和区域信贷政策四个维度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Customer credit policy	1.客户信贷政策	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customer credit policy is based on classification of customers, matching different financial services and management requirements to different customers.	客户信贷政策是基于客户分类，对不同的客户匹配不同的金融服务和管理要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to social and economic identities, customers may be divided into corporate and personal customers.	根据客户在社会经济生活中的身份，可将客户划分为公司客户和个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on nature of organization, corporate customers can be subdivided into legal representative of corporation, legal representative of public-sector organizations, organizations, and social groups.	根据组织性质对公司客户再进行细分，有企业法人、事业法人、机关团体、社会社团等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on organizational form of customers’ business growth and economic activities, customers can be divided into group, big, medium and small ones.	根据客户业务发展和经济活动的组织形式，可将客户划分为集团客户、大型客户、中型客户和微小型客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, there are many other perspectives to classify customers.	除此以外，还有很多其他角度对客户进行分类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Since different customers have different credit demands and risk appetites, customer credit policy needs to subdivide customers by following the principle of matching credit resources input to output, conduct differential management and apply different credit entry criteria as well as patterns of ratings-based credit extensions and post-loan management standards based on the characteristics, ensuring a superior credit market to be expanded, and an entry of high-risk customers to be controlled, and enhancing a customer structure to be more reasonable.	不同的客户具有不同的信贷需求和风险偏好，客户信贷政策根据信贷资源投入与产出相匹配的原则，细分客户，根据其特性实行差异化管理，实行不同的信贷准入标准、评级授信模式和贷后管理标准等，从而拓展优质信贷市场，控制高风险客户的进入，促使客户结构更加合理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Product credit policy	2.产品信贷政策	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has constructed a diversified corporate and personal credit product system through recent years’ development and innovation.	经过近年来的发展和创新，工商银行构建了多元化的法人、个人信贷产品体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate credit products include working capital loans, trade finance, project loans, property loans, and bills as well as off-balance sheet business such as gurantee and commitment. Personal credit products cover financing requirements for all areas such as personal housing, business, consumption, health care and education. Different products are matched with different risk control requirements for business processing conditions, business processing flow and duration management, according to their risk characteristics.	法人信贷产品包括流动资金贷款、贸易融资、项目贷款、房地产贷款、票据业务产品以及担保、承诺等表外业务产品；个人信贷产品覆盖了个人住房、经营、消费、医疗教育等各个领域的融资需求，不同的产品根据其风险特征分别匹配不同的业务办理条件、业务处理流程和存续期管理等风险控制要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Industry credit policy	3.行业信贷政策	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on industry development conditions, industry credit policy is used to judge an industry’s overall risks, discover its market opportunity and identify superior customers of a industry as well as provide them with differential credit strategies.	行业信贷政策根据行业发展状况，判断行业整体风险，挖掘行业市场机会，甄别行业优质客户并提供差异化信贷策略。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An industry consists of enterprise groups with common characteristics. For a same industry, its enterprise members shares the same or similar features in production and operation, and products or services can replace one another.	行业由具有共同特性的企业群体组成，同一行业内的企业成员在生产经营上存在着相同性或相似性，其产品或服务具有很强的替代性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Once industry credit risk occurs, which means that quite a large number of enterprises in an industry suffer from risk, they will affect seriously commercial banks.	一旦发生行业信贷风险，即意味着同一行业内相当一部分企业出现了风险，对商业银行影响很大。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Industry credit risk management, between macro-risk management for forecasting and judging a growth trend of whole economy, and micro-risk management primarily for single customer, belongs to a scope of medium-risk management.	行业信贷风险管理是介于对整个经济走势进行预测判断的宏观风险管理和以单个客户为主的微观风险管理之间的中观风险管理范畴。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Industry credit policy is the one for industry credit resources allocation based on credit risk characteristics shown during development cycles of an industry and a bank’s strategic development targets, including compulsory policies on industry orientation and limit management, and instructive industry advices and information reminders and alerts on industry trends. Industry credit policy is used to control the excessive concentration of loans in part of areas or highly related industries, achieving the adjustment and optimization of industry credit structure, and preventing systematic risks.	行业信贷政策是基于行业发展周期呈现出的信贷风险特征和银行发展战略目标而制定的行业信贷资源配置政策，包括具有强制执行力的行业投向和限额管理政策、具有指导性的行业指导意见和对行业动向的信息提示和预警，用于控制贷款在部分领域或高关联度行业的过度集中，实现行业信贷结构调整优化，防范系统性风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
By the end of June 2011, ICBC has formulated credit policies for more than forty industries, dividing industries into such four categories as active entry, moderate entry, prudent entry and limited entry ones, dividing an industry’s internal customers into such five categories as important, moderate, remained, restricted and exit ones, and matching different credit entry criteria and management requirements to them.	截至2011年6月末，工商银行制定了40余个行业的信贷政策，将行业划分为积极进入类、适度进入类、谨慎进入类和限制进入类，行业内部客户分为重点类、适度类、维持类、限制类和退出类，匹配不同的信贷准入标准和管理要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, by following China’s industrial and environment protection policies, ICBC advocates implementing the “Green Credit”, says no to all customers or projects unable to meet requirements of environment protection policies, eliminates actively backward capacities, and strengthens loan supports to energy-saving, pollution treatment, circular economy and integrated use of resources.	同时，工商银行遵循国家产业政策、环保政策，倡导实施“绿色信贷”，对达不到环保政策要求的客户或项目一律予以否决，积极淘汰落后产能，加大对节能环保、污染治理、循环经济和资源综合利用等领域的信贷支持力度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Regional credit policy	4.区域信贷政策	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Regional credit policy, including ones for regional credit increase, quality management, structural adjustment, performance/efficiency and competition, is a key part of the entire credit policy system.	区域信贷政策包括区域信贷增长政策、质量管理政策、结构调整政策、效益/效率政策和竞争政策等方面内容，是整体信贷政策体系的重要组成部分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A multiple-level regional credit system includes varied levels involving country, economic region, industry region and administrative region.	一个多层次的信贷区域体系包含国家、经济区域、产业区域、行政区域等不同层次。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Regional credit policy differs from other credit ones in addressing more about a comprehensive feature, and its primary purpose is to improve development and enhance competition, calling for taking all factors into consideration.	区域信贷政策与其他信贷政策的主要不同是更加强调综合化，根本目的是促发展、促竞争，需要统筹兼顾。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With an accelerated progress of ICBC in internationalization, country risk management tends to be important (country risk refers to a possibility of loss from cross-border loans. Such loss is caused by a country-specific event but not by a private enterprise or individual).	随着工商银行国际化进程加快，国别风险管理日趋重要（国别风险是指跨边界贷款中的损失的可能性，这种损失是由某个特定国家发生的事件所引起，而不是由私人企业或个人所引起）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC performs a classified management on country risk, dividing it into five categories in terms of risk level: low, relatively low, medium, relatively high, and high.	工商银行对国别风险进行分类管理，按照风险高低分为“低、较低、中等、较高、高”五类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Each year, the Head Office appraises and decides country limit for each country. All institutions should process businesses within those country limits. For any excess, they need to apply to the Head Office for increasing limits.	每年度总行会对各个国家核定国别限额，各机构应在国别限额内办理业务，超限额应向总行申请调增额度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Major Credit Management Regulations	二、信贷管理主要规定	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Basic standards for credit business	（一）信贷业务基本准则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
At ICBC, credit business needs to obey the following basic standards:	在工商银行，办理信贷业务应遵守基本准则包括：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Credit business shall meet laws and regulations of the country where it is located, as well as all management regulations of the Head Office.	1.办理信贷业务应遵守所在国家法律法规，以及总行各项管理规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Credit risk appetites shall be consistent with the Head Office.	2.信贷风险偏好应与总行保持一致。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. A complete credit business policy system shall be constructed, and maintained stable.	3.应建立完善的信贷业务政策制度体系，并保持稳定性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. An efficient allocation shall be conducted for credit assets, avoiding an overconcentration of risk exposure on a certain customer, region, industry, country and product.	4.应对信贷资产实施有效配置，避免对某一客户、区域、行业、国家、产品风险敞口过分集中。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For country and industry limits, relevant businesses shall be processed within limits.	对总行要求执行的国别、行业等限额，应在限额内办理相关业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Great attention shall be paid to risk pricing management. Other cost factors such as economic capital occupation shall be taken into consideration other than customer earning level which needs to be matched with his/her risk level.	5.应重视风险定价管理，客户收益水平除应与其风险水平相匹配外，还应考虑经济资本占用等其他成本因素。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. Great concern shall be paid to environment protection and a boost of Green Credit construction. Environment protection, energy-saving and pollution treatment shall be taken as an important basis for credit decisions.	6.应重视环境保护，推动绿色信贷建设，将促进环境保护、资源节约、污染治理等作为信贷决策的重要依据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
7. Immoral and illegal business is forbidden. Businesses with customers who are imposed sanction by organizations or institutions producing legal effects such as the United Nations and European Union are not allowed. Speculative trading and credit business involving money laundering and terrorist financing are forbidden. And	7.不能与从事不道德的、非法的，以及联合国、欧盟等具有法律效力的组织或机构制裁的客户办理业务，不能参与投机性交易，不能参与与洗钱和恐怖融资相关的信贷业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
8. When processing credit business, a principle of fairness shall be obeyed. Criteria and process flow for stakeholders’ credit business shall not be superior to that for normal borrower.	8.办理信贷业务应遵循公平性原则，对关系人办理信贷业务的标准、流程等应不优于一般借款人。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A credit officer cannot handle his/her related person’s credit business and shall avoid.	信贷人员不能办理与自己相关的关系人信贷业务，应采取回避制度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Basic process for credit business	（二）信贷业务基本流程	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC implements standard credit business process, which typically goes through such operational steps as due diligence investigation- review - approval- contract signing- loan disbursement approval- loan disbursement (business transaction) - post-loan management – repayment by the borrower (disposal of non-performing loans).	工商银行实行标准化信贷业务流程，信贷业务流程一般要经过尽职调查-审查－审批－合同签订－放款核准－贷款发放（业务办理）－贷后管理－贷款收回（不良贷款处置）等操作环节。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After receiving customer’s application, a customer manager at front-office banking department should make a due diligence investigation on the customer, checking whether the documents are legal, true and valid, produce an initial plan on rating and credit extension, and submit this plan to a risk manager for review.	接到客户申请后，前台业务部门客户经理应对客户进行尽职调查，对其所提供资料的合法性、真实性、有效性进行核实，形成评级及业务授信的初步方案，提交风险经理提出审查意见。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For the application which needs to be submitted to the Credit Risk Committee for review, afterwards it will be sent to an authorized signatory for final approval; for the application needing no collective review, it will be reported directly to an authorized signatory for final approval.	对于需要需提交信用风险委员会审议的，经审议后提交业务有权签批人进行最终签批；对无需提交集体审议的，直接报业务有权签批人进行业务最终签批。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After business review and approval, the customer manager communicates with customer and monitor customer to meet preconditions and other requirements for approval before issuing a loan.	业务审批后，客户经理与客户沟通并督促客户落实前提条件以及其他放款前须落实的审批要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If it is accepted by customer, office staffs need to be notified to prepare financing agreement (according to requirements, legal review staffs submit legal opinions), and afterwards the two parties sign the financing agreement.	客户接受的，通知文本人员准备融资协议文本（根据需要，由法律审查人员出具法律意见），双方签订融资协议文本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Before disbursing loan, customer manager should send relevant supporting documents involving customer’s meeting preconditions to risk manager for checking and confirmation.	贷款发放前，客户经理应将客户落实前提条件涉及的有关证明材料，提交风险经理进行核查确认。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Subsequently, loan can be disbursed.	核查确认后，方能进行放款环节操作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After transaction, customer manager needs to make an onsite inspection on customer, get to know regular operational status such as customer’s cash flows in order to guarantee safety of loan, produce a post-loan inspection report and submit it to risk manager.	业务办理后，客户经理应对客户进行现场检查，了解客户现金流等日常经营情况，保证贷款安全，形成贷后检查报告提交给风险经理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk manager, based on the inspectin report and offsite monitoring, makes a comprehensive analysis on customer and business risks.	风险经理在检查报告及非现场监测基础上，对客户及业务风险进行综合分析。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If any problem is detected, risk manager needs to set risk prevention steps, and sends reminder and alert against risk to banking department, pushing it to taking relevant steps.	若发现问题，拟订风险防范措施，向业务部门进行风险提示和预警，督促采取措施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Besides, regular asset quality classification should be made for credit assets.	业务办理后，还应定期对信贷资产进行资产质量分类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Before maturity, customer manager should remind customer of repaying the loan plus interest in time, preparing for relevant material on customer’s repayment.	业务到期前，客户经理应提示客户按时还本付息，提前准备客户还款有关资料。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
On the maturity day, loan recovery operation is conducted, and afterwards risk manager should review the collateral or pledge release if any, prepare for collateral or pledge release list and release the collateral or pledge after submitting the list to an authorized person for signature.	贷款到期当日，实施贷款收回操作。 贷款收回后，涉及抵押物释放的，风险经理应对抵质押物释放情况进行审核，准备抵质押物释放清单，提交有权人签字后，进行抵质押物释放操作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Customer credit rating	（三）客户信用评级	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Rating on non-retail banking	1.非零售业务评级	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customer rating is a comprehensive assessment on its solvency and debt-paying willingness, the results of which reflect a probability of default (PD) within a year. One customer only has one customer rating.	法人客户评级是对法人客户偿债能力和偿债意愿的综合评价，评级结果反映其一年期违约概率，同一客户只有一个客户评级。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Rating is required before business with a corporate customer.	对法人客户办理业务前，均要求进行评级。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For other members in a group who have been already rated, their rating results should be directly used.	集团内其他成员已经进行评级的，应直接使用其评级结果。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to ICBC’s relevant regulations, currently, credit ratings of a corporate customer are divided into fourteen levels based on different probabilities of default, each level corresponding to a determinate range of PD and average PD.	根据工商银行相关制度规定，目前法人客户信用等级根据其对应的违约概率不同，分别划分为十四个级别，每个等级均对应一个确定的违约概率区间和平均违约概率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Rating a corporate customer is based on the scoring card method, adjusted and limited in special situations.	法人客户信用评级采用打分卡的方法进行评价，并根据特殊情况进行级别调整与限定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Scoring card based rating consists of two parts, quantative and qualitative assessments.	打分卡评级由定量评价和定性评价两部分构成。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Quantative assessment indicators, following such principles as strong ability in forecasting default, low correlationship between indicators, and clear economic meaning, are selected using statistical methods such as AR value analysis, KS test, and Spearman’s rank correlation coefficient.	定量评价指标基于违约预测能力强、指标间相关性较低、经济含义明确等原则，采用AR值分析、KS检验、Spearman秩相关性分析等统计方法选取。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Weights for quantitative assessment indicators, on the principle of the larger contribution to default forecasting, the bigger weights are, are set with the logistic regression analysis.	定量评价指标权重基于违约预测贡献越大权重越大的原则，采用logistic回归分析法进行设定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Qualitative assessment indicators, based on principles of strong ability in forecasting default, being prospective and objective, and able-to-operate, are selected using statistical methods such as IV value analysis, monotonicity analysis and concentration analysis with weights being set according to each indicator’s forecasting ability in default.	定性评价指标基于违约预测能力强、前瞻性、客观性和可操作性等原则，采用IV值分析、单调性分析、集中度分析等统计方法进行选取，并根据各指标违约预测能力设定权重。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Rating on retail banking	2.零售业务评级	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An internal rating on retail credit assets refers to, through an internal ratings-based approach such as credit scoring models and asset pool division, realizes the measurements of credit scoring, PD, loss given default (LGD), and exposure at default as well as indicators related to internal rating, the results of which are applied to the whole process of operation management.	零售信贷资产内部评级是指通过信用评分模型、资产池划分等内部评级方法，实现零售信贷资产信用评分、违约概率、违约损失率、违约风险暴露以及内部评级相关指标的计量，并将计量结果应用于经营管理的全过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Retail credit risk rating approach includes two models, i.e. credit scoring and asset pool division, as well as risk parameter measurement.	零售信用风险评级方法包括信用评分和资产池划分与风险参数计量两类模型。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on above two models, results of retail banking credit risk rating can be obtained as between 100 to 850. The Head Office sets rigid controlling lines for scores by product and region.	零售业务根据上述模型，得出信用风险评分结果（100分-850分之间），总行分产品、地区设置评分刚性控制线。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Global credit line	（四）统一授信	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Definition	1.统一授信定义	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Global credit line refers to a management system that a credit plan is examined uniformly worldwide for customer, and customer’s credit exposure is controlled collectively.	统一授信是指工商银行在全球范围内为客户统一核定授信方案，并集中控制客户信用敞口的管理制度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit plan typically contains the maximum credit line; sub-credit line; credit type, period, pricing, guarantee, conditions of use and management requirements, as well as other credit support and risk control measures which include other commercial terms that are set for customers.	授信方案一般包括对客户制定的最高授信额度、分项授信额度和授信品种、期限、定价、担保、使用条件、管理要求及其他商务条款等在内的信用支持与风险管控措施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Under the maximum credit line, different sub-credit lines are set based on types of credit business for management.	最高授信额度项下按照授信业务的类型设不同分项授信额度进行管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The maximum credit line is used to control uniformly a customer’s total credit exposures.	最高授信额度用于统一控制客户的总信用敞口。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Besides that financial derivative products are converted into credit exposures according to credit risk coefficients, and that credit exposures are determined for loan commitments according to amount committed in the agreement, credit exposures are calculated for other credit types according to the balances.	除金融衍生产品交易按信用风险系数折算信用敞口、承诺授信按协议承诺金额确定信用敞口外，其余授信品种均按余额计算信用敞口。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Total credit exposures for a customer can’t exceed the maximum credit line set by ICBC at any time point.	客户的总信用敞口在任何时点均不得超过我行对其核定的最高授信额度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Basic principles	2.统一授信基本原则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit appetites shall be unified.	授信偏好统一。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Both domestic and overseas institutions, based on the whole bank’s unified risk appetites, need to follow identical standards and requirements, and make objective, fair and accurate assessment on customers’ or loans’ risk level and solvency. Under preconditions of meeting relevant regulations, and ICBC’s capital management, business development and risk control requirements, they need to examine reasonably customer credit plan, and realize an effective balance between risk and return, quality and efficiency.	境内外机构应基于全行统一的风险偏好，遵照相同的标准和要求，客观、公正、准确评判客户或债项的风险水平和偿债能力，在符合监管有关规定、我行资本管理、业务发展与风险控制等经营要求的前提下，合理核定客户授信方案，实现风险与收益、质量与效率的有效平衡。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit entity shall be unified.	授信主体统一。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For the same customer (including related customer), only one institution at ICBC is allowed to examine credit plan according to the prescribed procedures and authority.	对同一客户（含关联客户）只能由全行的一个机构按规定程序和授权权限核定授信方案。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit form shall be unified.	授信形式统一。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Off and on-balance sheet credit risk businesses of domestic and foreign currency involving working capital loan, trade finance, project loan, guarantee, bills, overdraft, inter-bank placement, commitment, bond investment in banking book and financial derivatives trading are entirely included into the global credit line management.	对客户办理的营运资金贷款、贸易融资、项目贷款、担保、票据、透支、拆借、承诺、银行账户债券投资、金融衍生产品交易等本外币、表内外信用风险业务均纳入统一授信管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit currencies shall be unified.	授信币种统一。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
When examining customer credit plans, based on ICBC’s business development and risk management needs, domestic and overseas institutions shall select RMB, USD, or one of other official currencies of places with which ICBC handles businesses primarily or where the major operating institutions are located as the currency for credit line.	核定客户授信方案时，应根据工商银行业务发展和风险管理需要，选择人民币、美元、工商银行与其主要的业务往来币种或其主要经营机构所在地的法定流通货币中的一种作为授信额度的核定币种。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Authorization management	（五）授权管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Primarily, ICBC performs credit business authorization management through a corporate authorization system.	工商银行主要通过法人授权体系实现信贷业务授权管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate authorization refers to the one that the Head Office or upper-level branch delegates authority to its affiliated institutions for conducting various Business management activities, within the scope prescribed by national laws, regulations and Articles of Association of the Bank.	法人授权是指总行或上级行在国家法律、法规和银行章程规定的范围内，对所属机构从事各项业务管理活动的授权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For overseas branches, the Head Office passes business authorization down to branch managers each year. For overseas subsidiaries, the Parent Bank passes down authorization each year in the form of resolutions by the Shareholders’ General Meeting. Each institution shall engage in various businesses within the authorized scope.	对于境外分行，总行每年对分行总经理下达业务授权，对于境外子行，母行每年以股东大会决议的方式下达授权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For any business exceeding the authorization if necessary, it needs to be reported to the Head Office for review and approval (or examination) or apply for a special authorization.	各机构应在授权范围内办理各类业务，如确需办理超授权业务，应报总行审批(或审核)或申请特别授权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Within an institution, it shall establish a clear internal system of sub-authorization according to management requirement for sub-authorization. The authorized signatory shall review and approve business within his/her authority permitted.	在机构内部应按照转授权管理要求，内部建立清晰的转授权体系，有权签批人应在规定权限内进行业务审批。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vi. Guarantee management	（六）担保管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All institutions of ICBC can only accept legitimate and compliant guarantees, and also consider such factors as the Head Office’s system, local laws and regulations, regulatory requirements, market practices, ownership of collateral or pledge and its value stability, liquidity and realization to determine reasonably collateral or pledge types that they can accept and corresponding collateral or pledge ratio.	工商银行各机构仅能接受合法合规的担保，并应考虑总行制度、当地法律规定、监管要求、市场惯例、抵质押物权属及价值稳定性、抵质押物流动性和变现难易程度等因素合理确定可接受抵质押物种类和相应的抵质押率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The main collaterals or pledges acceptable to ICBC include mortgage on real estate, personal deposit (certificate of deposit) pledge, bonds (except structural bonds), charging right, receivable and stock (shareholding right) pledge. The main warrandice that ICBC can accept are guarantee provided by sovereign institution within a country limit assessed by the Head Office, guarantee provided by international financial organizations with a long-term “AAA” or above credit rating by Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s, guarantee provided by correspondent bank already having credit line assessed, and guarantee provided by corporate customer with a credit rating being “A-2” or above.	工商银行主要可接受的抵质押物主要有：房地产抵押，存款（单）质押，债券（结构性债券除外）、收费权、应收账款、股票（权）质押等；主要接受的保证担保有：总行核定国家限额内主权机构提供的担保；穆迪或标准普尔长期信用评级A以上国际金融组织提供的担保；已核有授信额度的代理行提供的担保；信用等级在A2级（含）以上的公司客户提供的担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
When accepting collateral or pledge guarantee, normally, ICBC, as the exclusive mortgagee (pledge), shall have a priority right that is not inferior to other mortgagee (pledge).	接受抵质押担保时，一般本行须为唯一抵（质）押权人或享有不劣于其他抵（质）押权人的受偿权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Generally, ICBC can’t accept mortgage or pledge guarantee with mortgagor’s subject qualification having flaws, unclear ownership of collateral or pledge, diffculty in realization, big fluctuations in value and that involving lawsuit.	一般不得接受抵押人主体资格存在瑕疵、抵押物权属不明确、不易变现、价值波动大以及涉及诉讼的抵质押担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It is required to conduct collateral (creditor’s rights) confirmation procedures such as registration of collateral or pledge, according to laws of the place where collateral or pledge is located.	应按照抵质押物所在地法律要求办理抵质押登记等押品（债权）确认手续。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An evaluation and regular monitoring shall be performed on collateral value.	应对押品价值进行评估和定期监测。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vii. Post-loan management	（七）贷后管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Post-loan management of ICBC refers to peforming onsite inspection and offsite monitoring on credit assets, identity any possible risk affecting debt service and make effective response to prevent and mitigate customer risks within the duration of a credit business.	工商银行的贷后管理是必须在信贷业务存续期内，对信贷资产进行现场检查和非现场监测，识别出的可能影响还款能力的风险，并做出有效的回应，从而达到防范化解客户风险的目的。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customer manager shall keep track on customer’s operational and credit use status by visiting customer, talking to customer on phone and information collection, find out possible risks, and put forward initial opinion on risk control.	客户经理应通过客户走访、电话会谈、信息搜集等方式，对客户的经营状况和授信使用情况进行动态跟踪，发现风险隐患，初步提出风险控制意见。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A post-loan inspection on customer mainly focuses on the following: whether credit fund has been applied as per contract requirements; whether customer’s debt service has changed through an analysis on customer’s operational and financial status; performing key inspection based on business type and feature; and checking value of collateral.	对客户贷后检查，主要侧重以下方面：信贷资金是否按照合同约定使用；通过分析客户经营、财务状况分析客户偿债能力是否发生变化；针对业务品种特点，区别对待重点检查；对押品价值情况进行检查。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Opinions after post-loan inspection shall be reported to risk manager.	贷后检查形成的意见应报送给风险经理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk manager analyzes risk profile of ICBC’s credit asset portfolio, mainly through offsite monitoring.	风险经理主要通过非现场监测方式分析本行信贷资产组合风险状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk manager shall pay major attention to significant changes in market environment, industries with concentration of ICBC’s loans, significant but adverse changes in country risk, status of credit assets by country, industry, customer and income structure at ICBC, changes in asset quality migration, comprehensive status of assets of industries with relatively concentrated loans of ICBC and exposed to bigger fluctuation in operation, customers borrowing a lot, customers with low credit rating, unsecured loans and comprehensive status of special-mention assets.	风险经理应重点对市场环境重大变化，本行融资较为集中的行业、国别风险重大不利变化；本行信贷资产国别、行业、客户、收益结构情况；资产质量迁徙变化情况；融资较为集中、且经营波动较大行业资产整体情况；融资大户、信用等级较低客户、信用贷款、关注类资产整体情况。 资产组合风险状况应定期报告高管层。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
viii. Credit risk reporting	（八）信用风险报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Each institution of ICBC shall report to the Head Office regularly on risks, covering its credit business development and quality, details on major customers with higher risks, issues identified in regulatory inspections with respect to credit management and relevant requirements.	工商银行各机构应定期向总行履行风险报告义务，定期向总行报告事项包括：本行信贷业务发展及质量情况，风险较高重点客户具体情况，监管检查中发现的信贷管理方面问题以及相关要求等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If loan deteriorates, or customer suffers a big loss or crisis that may result in the impairment of ICBC’s assets, all institutions shall make report to the Head Office in time.	如遇贷款出现劣变，或客户发生重大损失、危机，可能导致我行资产损失，应及时向总行报告有关情况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Person-in-charge of risks at each institution needs to report its risk management status to the Chief Risk Officer of the Head Office at least yearly.	各机构主管风险的负责人应至少每年向总行首席风险官汇报本行风险管理现状。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ix. Asset quality classification	（九）资产质量分类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit asset quality classification is to examaine credit asset quality regularly, analyze and classify the examination results on the principle of prudence and out of the risk management needs, based on the inherent risk characteristics of credit assets.	信贷资产质量分类是工商银行出于审慎的原则和风险管理的需要，根据信贷资产的内在风险特征，定期对信贷资产质量进行审查，并将审查的结果进行分析和归类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Grades and standards regarding credit asset quality classification serve as a benchmark to measure credit business’ inherent risks.	信贷资产质量分类的档次和标准是衡量信贷业务内在风险的一种价值尺度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
At ICBC, credit assets are classified into 5 categories: normal, special-mention, substandard, doubtful and loss. Credit assets for corporate customers are sub-classified into twelve categories based on above.	工商银行信贷资产分为正常、关注、次级、可疑和损失五类，法人客户在上述基础上细分为十二类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Normal: debtors can perform contact’s obligations. There is no adequate reason to doubt their ability to repay all of the loan principals and interests and other debts in time.	正常类：债务人能够履行合同，没有足够理由怀疑贷款本息和其他债务（含或有债务）不能按时足额偿还。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Special mention: though debtors currently have the ability to repay the loan principals and interests and other debts, there exist some factors possibly producing negative effects on repayment of debts.	关注类：尽管债务人目前有能力偿还贷款本息和其他债务，但存在一些可能对偿还债务产生不利影响的因素。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Substandard: there are apparent problems with the solvency of debtors, who are unable to repay all of the loan principals and interests and other debts if totally rely on their normal business incomes. Even a guarantee may incur a loss.	次级类：债务人的偿债能力明显出现问题，完全依靠其正常营业收入无法足额偿还贷款本息和其他债务，即使执行担保，也可能会造成一定损失。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Doubtful: debtors are unable to repay all of the loan principals and interests and other debts. Even a guarantee will definitely incur a big loss. And	可疑类：债务人无法足额偿还贷款本息和其他债务，即使执行担保，也肯定会造成较大损失。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Loss: even after all possible measures or necessary legal proceedings are taken, the loan principals and interests and other debts cannot be recovered, or only a very small part can be paid back.	损失类：在采取所有可能的措施或一切必要的法律程序后，贷款本息和其他债务仍然无法收回，或只能收回极少部分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
x. Credit archives management At ICBC, there are primarily the following types of credit archives:	（十）信贷档案管理 工商银行信贷档案主要有以下种类：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Warrants: for credit business by collateral (pledge), these documents are able to demonstrate that ICBC has the right to mortgage (pledge) and its value, including documents proving ownership of collateral (pledge), collateral (pledge) list, insurance policy for collateral (pledge), and collateral (pledge) notarization.	权证类：以抵（质）押办理信贷业务，能够证明我行享有抵（质）押权及抵质押物价值的的资料。 包括：抵（质）押所有权证明文件、抵（质）押物清单、抵（质）押物保险单、抵（质）押物公证书等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Important documents: these are materials able to prove the legitimacy and compliance of credit business during transaction, including customer application, due diligence report, risk investigation report, minute of Credit Risk Committee, credit review and approval letter, loan contract, commitment letter of intent, guarantor’s contract of guarantee, advice of drawing for business and materials generated for post-loan management.	要件类：办理信贷业务中产生的能证明信贷业务合法合规性的材料。 包括：客户申请书、尽职调查报告、风险审查报告、信用风险委员会纪要、贷款审批书、贷款合同、各类承诺意向函、保证人保证合同、业务提款通知书、贷后管理形成的档案资料。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Management documents: basic materials about borrower, guarantor and cooperative institution, including customer’s signature and financial statements.	管理类：借款人和保证人、合作机构的基本资料。 客户印鉴证明、财务报表信息等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Documents for preservation: relevant documents to lawsuit or disposal of non-performing loans.	保全类：涉及诉讼或者不良贷款处置的相关资料。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Comprehensive documents: in-house by-laws and regulations on authorization and sub-authorization.	综合类：行内各类制度办法、授权转授权规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All credit business archives need to be kept collectively in a fire-proof cabinet with “one customer-to-one archive”.	所有信贷业务档案都应该集中保管在防火的柜子中。 应做到“一户一档”。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
On the cover of archive for a customer, there is table of contents for inquiry.	在每户档案封面，有可供查询的目录。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All archives are stored in the same format.	所有档案存放成相同格式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Specific staffs are responsible for managing keys to the cabinets, and borrowing registration.	应有专人负责管理档案柜钥匙，对档案实行借阅登记工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xi. Global Credit Management System (GCMS)	（十一）全球信贷管理系统（GCMS）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With a steady implementation of the globalization strategy, ICBC has developed a Global Credit Management System (GCMS) independently, aimed at building an information system covering domestic and overseas corporate customers, institutional customers, personal customers and counterparties, and extending 24-hour supports to asset business operation, risk control and management and business decision-making and analysis of domestic and overseas institutions. GCMS will fully enhance ICBC’s information management level with respect to credit business and provide a credit business supporting system of technology innovation that is consistent with an internationally first-class commercial bank.	随着工商银行全球化战略的稳步实施，工商银行自主研发的全球信贷管理系统将打造一个覆盖境内外公司客户、机构客户、个人客户、交易对手，全天候支持境内外机构资产业务操作、风险控制管理、经营决策分析的信息系统，全面提升工商银行信贷业务信息化管理水平，锻造与国际一流商业银行相适应的信贷业务创新技术支撑体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Four Enterprise Risk Management System	第四节 全面风险管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Organizational Structure and Framework of Enterprise Risk Management	一、全面风险管理组织架构和管理框架	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s organizational structure of risk management comprises the Board of Directors and its special committees, the Senior Management and its special committees, the Risk Management Department and the Internal Audit Department, etc.	董事会及其专门委员会、高级管理层及其专业委员会、风险管理部门和内部审计部门等构成工商银行风险管理的组织架构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The risk management organizational structure is illustrated in Figure 2-2:	工商银行风险管理组织架构如图2-2：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Figure 2-2 ICBC’s Organizational Structure of Risk Management	图2-2 工商银行风险管理组织架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Regulatory requirements and management practice	（一）监管要求及管理实践	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In July 2009, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision issued the Enhancements to the Basel II Framework, addressing basic requirements for constructing a comprehensive risk management framework under Pillar II, including mainly general principles of comprehensive risk management, supervision by the board of directors and senior management, risk management policy and limit, risk management process, and comprehensive internal controls.	2009年7月，巴塞尔银行监管委员会印发了《新资本协议完善框架》，在第二支柱的指导意见中，突出强调了构建全面风险管理框架的基本要求，主要包括全面风险管理的总体原则、董事会和高级管理层监督、风险管理政策和限额、风险管理流程、全面的内部控制等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The document also proposes to strengthen the management of other substantial risks not under Pillar I, and makes clear that stress testing shall be taken as an important tool for risk management.	文件还提出加强对第一支柱外的其他实质性风险的管理、明确将压力测试作为风险管理的重要工具等要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Ever since 2009, CBRC has consecutively issued a series of regulatory documents in order to promote the implementation of new capital accord by China’s banking industry.	2009年以来，银监会为推进中国银行业实施新资本协议，陆续出台了一系列监管文件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In December 2009, CBRC issued the Guidance for Supervision and Inspection of Commercial Banks’s Capital Adequacy Ratios (Y.J.F. [2009] No.109) (the “Guidance”), which aims to pushing banks to construct a reasonable, efficient internal capital adequacy assessment process (ICAAP), improving comprehensive risk management framework, fully assessing various substantial risks and management abilities, strengthening the management of substantial risks such as concentration risk, strategic risk and reputational risk on the basis of credit, market and operational risks under Pillar I, and setting up corresponding risk management policies and processes.	2009年12月，银监会印发了《商业银行资本充足率监督检查指引》（银监发[2009]109号）（以下简称为《指引》）。 《指引》的目的是要银行建立合理有效的内部资本充足评估程序（ICAAP），完善全面风险管理框架，全面评估其面临的各类实质性风险状况和管理能力，在第一支柱信用、市场和操作风险的基础上，加强对集中度风险、战略风险、声誉风险等实质性风险的管理，建立相应的风险管理政策和流程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Guidance puts forward clearly the elements that shall be contained in an assessment of a bank’s comprehensive risk management framework.	《指引》明确提出评估银行全面风险管理框架所应包含的要素。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In 2004, the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the U.S. issued the Enterprise Risk Management – Integrated Framework, becoming an important reference for risk management framework construction in the banking industry. 	2004年美国COSO发布了《企业风险管理－整合框架》，成为业内风险管理框架建设的重要参考。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Enterprise risk management framework	（二）全面风险管理框架	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Principles of enterprise risk management	1.全面风险管理原则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Match risk to return.	（1）风险与收益匹配。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Take both risk and return into consideration, carry out business activities under a moderate risk level, and ensure return to cover risk and appropriate returns to shareholders.	兼顾风险与收益管理风险，在适度风险水平下开展经营活动，确保收益覆盖风险并实现适当的股东回报。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Consider both an internal balance and efficiency.	（2）内部制衡与效率兼顾。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has defined clearly in risk management rules and regulations on specific rights and obligations of each department, each institution, and risk management staff at each level, applying a management system separating the functions of front, middle and back offices, defining clearly responsibilities and reporting routes of banking and risk management departments to guarantee the independence of risk management department.	工商银行在风险管理规章制度中明确界定各部门、各级机构和各层级风险管理人员的具体权责，实行前中后台职能相对分离的管理机制，清晰界定业务部门和风险管理部门的职责划分和报告路线，确保风险管理部门的独立性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Departments, domestic and overseas branches and all staffs need to communicate and coordinate effectively one another to optimize the management process and keep improving the management efficiency.	各部门、境内外分支机构和全体员工之间要有效沟通与协调，优化管理流程，不断提高管理效率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Diversify risks.	（3）风险分散。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC realizes the adequate diversification of credit risk exposure by country, region, industry, product, term and currency in order to prevent concentration risk.	工商银行实现信用风险敞口在国家、地区、行业、产品、期限和币种等维度上的适度分散，防范集中风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In strict compliance with regulatory standards, ICBC is prudent in assessing and deciding credit limits for single and related customers, to effectively control customer credit risk concentration; realizes the adequate diversification of market risk exposure by country, region, market, product, term and currency, and adopts suitable means to diversify market risks effectively; uniformly manages the whole bank’s liquidity, establishes liquidity reserve system at different levels, and guarantees the diversification of financing channels.	严格遵循监管标准，审慎核定单一客户和关联客户授信额度，有效控制客户信用风险集中度；实现市场风险敞口在国家、地区、市场、产品、期限和币种等维度上的适度分散，并采用适当的方式实现市场风险的有效分散；统一管理全行的流动性，建立分层次的流动性储备体系，确保融资渠道的多元化。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(4) Combine both quantitative and qualitative analyses.	（4）定量与定性结合。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC makes efforts to upgrade its risk measurement level, develops risk measurement techniques suitable to business nature, scale and degree of complexity, promotes application of world-wide advanced banks’ mature experience in risk management, and realizes a synthetic combination of both quantitative and qualitative analyses; assesses regularly the reasonableness and effectiveness of measurement model methods and tools, and carries out corresponding validation work; takes stress testing as a key part of risk management, including stress testing of single risk type and integrated stress testing involving two or more risk types. The stress testing covers major risks all business lines face and takes effect of macroeconomic changes on risks into full consideration.	工商银行着力提升风险计量水平，开发与业务性质、规模和复杂程度相适应的风险计量技术，推广应用国际先进银行业成熟的风险管理经验，实现定性分析和定量分析的有机结合；定期评估计量模型的方法和工具的合理性和有效性，开展相应的验证工作；将压力测试作为风险管理的重要组成部分，包括单一风险种类压力测试以及涵盖两种以上风险种类的整合性压力测试，压力测试覆盖各业务条线所面临的主要风险，充分考虑宏观经济变化对风险的影响。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(5) Dynamic adaptability adjustment.	（5）动态适应性调整。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC continuously checks and assesses changes in both internal and external operation management environments and competitive situations as well as their substantive influence on enterprise risk management, and timely adjusts risk management policy, system and process in order to ensure risk management to be consistent with business development strategies.	持续不断地检查和评估内外部经营管理环境和竞争格局的变化及其对全面风险管理所产生的实质性影响，及时调整风险管理政策、制度和流程，以确保风险管理与业务发展战略等相一致。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(6) To be progressive.	（6）循序渐进。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on ICBC’s risk management status, the enterprise risk management framework puts forward development objectives and outlook requirements for future risk management, serving as a guiding document for ICBC in risk management.	全面风险管理框架立足于工商银行风险管理现状，提出了未来风险管理的发展目标和前瞻性要求，是工商银行风险管理的指导性文件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Elements of enterprise risk management	（三）全面风险管理要素	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Internal environment	1.内部环境	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal environment of ICBC’s risk management is made up of risk management culture, risk appetite, risk management strategy, risk management framework, risk management policy and system and risk management information system, a basis for all elements of risk management.	风险管理文化、风险偏好、风险管理战略、风险治理架构、风险管理政策与制度和风险管理信息系统等构成工商银行风险管理的内部环境，是风险管理所有构成要素的基础。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Target management	2.目标管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A premise for risk management is setting target.	目标设定是风险管理的前提。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Strategic, operating, reporting and compliance targets are key parts of conducting enterprise risk management.	战略目标、经营目标、报告目标和合规目标是实施全面风险管理的重要组成部分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has established a target management responsibility system, performing duty division-based and level-by-level accountability system.	工商银行建立目标管理责任制，实行分工负责制和逐级负责制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Risk management process	3.风险管理流程	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A risk management process refers to an entire process of a series of risk management activities including risk identification, risk measurement, risk control, risk monitoring and reporting. It shall be capable of implementing established strategic targets, and be matched to the Bank’s risk management culture.	风险管理流程是指包括风险识别、风险度量、风险控制、风险监测与报告等一系列风险管理活动的全过程，应能贯彻执行既定的战略目标，与银行风险管理文化相匹配。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Risk management information and communication	4.风险管理信息与沟通	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC builds data warehouse and management information system covering all levels of institutions and business areas, providing varied statistics required by risk management timely and accurately in order to effectively identify, measure and monitor risks.	工商银行建设覆盖各级机构、业务领域的数据仓库和管理信息系统，及时、准确地提供风险管理所需要的各种数据，以实现对风险的有效识别、计量、监测等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
There are four types of communication ways regarding risk management information: top-down vertical communication, bottom-up vertical communication, horizontal communication and external communication.	风险管理信息的沟通方式可分为以下四类：自上而下的纵向沟通、自下而上的纵向沟通、横向沟通与外部沟通。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Supervision and assessment	5.监督与评价	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC, through continuous monitoring, individual assessment or the combination of the above two, supervises and assesses the effectiveness of risk management.	工商银行通过持续监控、个别评价或者两者结合对风险管理的有效性进行监督与评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Continuous monitoring occurs during a normal process of risk management activity, and individual assessment is a supplementation for the former.	持续监控发生在风险管理活动的正常进程中，个别评价是对持续监控的补充。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. Group risk management	6.集团风险管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC implements classification based management on its subsidiaries.	工商银行对附属机构实行分类管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to factors such as business nature, operation scale and management level of those subsidiaries, ICBC implements risk control and management upon them through capital distribution, limit management and differentiated authorization.	根据附属机构的业务属性、经营规模和管理水平等因素，通过资本分配、限额管理、差异化授权等工具，实现对附属机构风险的控制和管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Risk Appetite and Management	二、风险偏好与管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Selecting risk appetite indictors follows those principles mainly:	风险偏好指标选取的原则主要包括:	sample1-en-sample1-zh
first, considering both comprehensiveness and advancedness.	一是兼顾全面性和先进性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk appetite shall reflect expectations of major stakeholders of ICBC and cover all substantial risks operation management faces.	风险偏好应反映工商银行主要利益相关人的期望，涵盖经营管理中面临的所有实质性风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC shall consider not only horizontal competitions, consistency with its market position, and keeping boosting its core competence, but also measurement techniques currently taken by ICBC as well as their promotion and application in risk management. ICBC takes the advanced measurement approach under the new Basel capital accord in the calculation of relevant indicators, leading the other banks.	既要考虑同业竞争、与工商银行市场地位相称，不断提升工商银行核心竞争力，又要考虑工商银行当前的计量技术及其在风险管理中的推广应用，在相关指标的测算时，采用了新资本协议实施高级计量方法成果，保持同业先进性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Second, highlighting importance and principles.	二是突出重要性和原则性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk appetite shall define important targets and directions needing long-term persistence with a focus on highlighting core and key indicators that shall not alter frequently.	风险偏好重在明晰需长期坚持的重要目标、方向，重点突出核心指标、关键指标，不宜频繁调整。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk appetite indicators, concise but to the point, are not only convenient to grasp substantial issues, but also flexible to accustom to development requirements.	简明扼要的风险偏好指标，既便于抓住实质问题，又便于灵活适应发展需要。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For those important operation management concepts and principles long-time accumulated by ICBC, they need to be further exacted and clarified in risk appetite.	对于工商银行长期积累的重要经营管理理念、原则，在风险偏好中予以进一步提炼和明确。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Setting risk appetite is a process balancing and coordinating the relationship among capital, return and risk.	风险偏好的设定是一个平衡协调资本、收益和风险三者之间关系的过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Therefore, ICBC’s risk appetite indicators primarily include capital indictors, return indicators and zero-tolerance indicators, which reflect expectations of major stakeholders of ICBC and cover main risks ICBC faces in the operation.	因此，工商银行风险偏好指标主要包括资本类指标、收益类指标、风险类指标及零容忍度类指标，反映工商银行主要利益相关人的期望，并覆盖工商银行经营中面临的主要风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Risk Management Assessment	三、风险管理评价	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Classification	（一）银行风险管理评价的分类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A bank’s risk management assessment includes internal and external risk management assessments at a bank.	银行风险管理评价包括银行内部风险管理评价和外部风险管理评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal risk management assessment is required for keeping enhancing its risk management level, while external risk management assessment reflects acknowledgement of outside agencies about a bank’s risk management status, which can be used by a bank to perfect its risk management.	进行内部风险管理评价是不断提升自身风险管理水平的需要，而外部评价则反映了外部机构对银行风险管理现状的认识，可以作为银行完善其风险管理的参考。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Purposes	（二）风险管理评价的目的	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk management assessment has two purposes mainly.	风险管理评价的目的主要有两种。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. To ensure the effectiveness of risk management	1.保证风险管理有效性	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Enterprise Risk Management- Integrated Framework released by COSO includes eight major elements, among them, monitoring has pointed out clearly that, a bank needs to monitor risk management and assess the existence and operation of risk management elements.	COSO委员会公布的《企业风险管理－整合框架》中包含八个要素，其中“监控”要素明确指出，要对风险管理进行监控，对其构成要素的存在和运行情况进行评估。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Assessment on risk management, mentioned by it, primarily aims to guaranteeing the effectiveness of risk management assessed.	其中所提到的“对风险管理进行评估”，主要目的就是为了保证被评估者风险管理的有效性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. To provide reference for commercial decisions	2.为商业决策提供参考	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to provide reference for investment or other commercial decisions, it is required to make a comprehensive assessment of the institution assessed. An assessment by external rating companies that has been introduced briefly before belongs to such assessment.	为了给投资或其他商业决策提供参考，需要对被评价机构进行综合全面的评估，之前已经简单介绍银行面临的外部评级公司的评价就属于这类评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In most cases, risk management assessment is a part of total one, how much it accounts for differs greatly due to different assessment objectives and objects.	在大多数情况下，风险管理评价是整个评估的组成部分，其所占的比重由于评价的目的和对象的不同而有很大差异。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Such assessment results mainly serve some stakeholders of assessed institutions, for example, their investors and creditors. Those stakeholders need to learn assessed institutions’ risk management status through assessment, and accordingly obtain information as reference for commercial decisions.	该类评价的结果主要服务于被评价对象的一些利益相关者，例如被评价者的投资者、债权人等，这些利益相关者需要通过评价了解被评价对象的风险管理状况，从而获得作出商业决策的参考信息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Contents	（三）银行风险管理评价的内容	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For a bank, risk management involves all sides of operation management, and is a continuous and dynamic process.	对于银行来讲，风险管理涉及到经营管理的各个方面，是一个持续的、动态的过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To comprehensively assess risk management, it needs to assess not only the management process but also the management outcomes.	要对风险管理进行全面的评价，既要对管理过程进行评价，也要对管理结果进行评估。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Of them, risk management process is “what have been done, and how”, while risk management outcome indicates “what about the effect”, which constitutes two basic classifications of risk management assessment indicators.	其中风险管理过程是“做了什么、怎么做的”，而风险管理结果体现的是“效果如何”，这构成了风险管理评价指标的两个基本分类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
When designing a specific risk management assessment system, appropriate adjustment shall be made to the percentages that risk management process and outcomes take in line with the designer’s purpose.	在制定具体的风险管理评价体系时，要根据制定者的意图，对风险管理过程和结果所占的比例进行合适的调整。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Risk Reports and Requirements for Preparation	四、风险报告及编制要求	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Regulatory requirements on risk reports	（一）风险报告的监管要求	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Objectively, the implementation of the New Basel Capital Accord requires the banking industry to enhance its risk management level, and strengthen its forecasting and analysis ability.	《巴塞尔新资本协议》的实施，客观上要求银行业提升风险管理水平，加强预测分析能力。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Quantative analysis reports on risks with different styles and contents shall be made corresponding to different risk management level in credit, market, and operation risks.	在信用风险、市场风险和操作风险方面都要针对不同的风险管理水平进行不同风格、内容的风险定量分析报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A bank’ risks report is an important way to improve its own risk management level.	银行的风险报告是银行提升自身风险管理水平的重要手段之一。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Risk report contents	（二）风险报告内容	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk reports have diversified forms and contents. A risk reporting system which is rich in content and varied in form may be produced based on different management requirements.	风险报告的形式和内容是多种多样的，根据不同的管理需要，可以形成形式各异、内容丰富的风险报告体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Comprehensive risk reporting system	1.全面风险报告体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It is a synthetic report reflecting various substantial risks ICBC faces in operation management during a reporting period, including such report types as enterprise risk management report, risk and ICAAP report, integrative stress testing report, risk appetite implementation report and country risk management report.	综合反映工商银行报告期内经营管理所面临的各类实质性风险状况，包括以下报告类别：全面风险管理报告、风险及资本充足评估（ICAAP）报告、整合性压力测试报告、风险偏好执行情况报告、国别风险管理报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Classified risk reporting system	2.分类风险报告体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It reflects the profile of a certain type of risk ICBC faces in operation management during a reporting period.	反映工商银行报告期内经营管理所面临的某一类风险状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Credit risk reporting system, which reflects the credit risk status ICBC faces in operation management during a reporting period.	（1）信用风险报告体系。 反映工商银行报告期内经营管理所面临的信用风险状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC is constructing and gradually perfecting an internal ratings-based credit risk reporting system, including credit risk management report, credit risk measurement report and credit risk stress testing report.	工商银行建立并逐步完善基于内部评级法的信用风险报告体系，包括信用风险管理报告、信用风险计量报告、信用风险压力测试报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Market risk reporting system, which reflects the market risk status ICBC faces in operation management during a reporting period.	（2）市场风险报告体系。 反映工商银行报告期内经营管理所面临的市场风险状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC is constructing and gradually perfecting an internal models-based market risk reporting system, including market risk management report, market risk measurement report and market risk stress testing report.	工商银行建立并逐步完善基于内部模型法的市场风险报告体系，包括市场风险管理报告、市场风险计量报告、市场风险压力测试报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Operational risk reporting system, which reflects the operational risk status faced by ICBC in operation management during a reporting period.	（3）操作风险报告体系。 反映工商银行报告期内经营管理所面临的操作风险状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC is constructing and gradually perfecting an advanced measurement approach-based operational risk reporting system, including operational risk management report, operational risk measurement report and operational risk stress testing report (which will be elaborated on in Section Five of this chapter).	工商银行建立并逐步完善基于高级法的操作风险报告体系，包括操作风险管理报告、操作风险计量报告、操作风险压力测试报告（在本章第五节会有具体阐述）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(4) Liquidity risk reporting system, which reflects the liquidity risk status faced by ICBC in operation management during a reporting period, including liquidity risk management report and liquidity risk stress testing report.	（4）流动性风险报告体系。 反映工商银行报告期内经营管理所面临的流动性风险状况，包括流动性风险管理报告、流动性风险压力测试报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(5) Reports on other types of risks, which reflect the status of other substantial risks contained in the new capital accord, including reputational risk, strategic risk, concentration risk and asset securitization risk.	（5）其他类型风险报告。 反映新资本协议包含的其他实质性风险状况，包括声誉风险、战略风险、集中度风险、资产证券化风险等报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(6) Risk profile report, which adopts data statements to reflect risk profile, including ICBC risk profile statement and statements on ICBC’s credit risk, market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk.	（6）风险状况报告。 采用数据报表形式反映风险状况，包括中国工商银行风险状况表以及中国工商银行信用风险、市场风险、操作风险和流动性风险明细表。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In general, risk profile report is a part of enterprise risk management report, which can also be reported separately.	风险状况报告一般作为全面风险管理报告的组成部分，也可单独报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Definitions and calculation formulas of risk indicators are adopted according to existing regulatory requirements and ICBC’s statistical system.	风险指标定义及计算公式按照现行监管要求和工商银行统计制度执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Themed risk management reports	3.专题风险管理报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
They focus on risk profile of a certain area such as region, industry, customer and product.	重点反映地区、行业、客户、产品等某一领域的风险状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In principle, the items subject to themed risk management reports are determined by the Risk Management Committee or professional risk management committee.	专题风险管理报告项目原则上由风险管理委员会或专业风险管理委员会确定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Major unexpected risk event report	4.重大突发风险事件报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It reports in time on major unexpected risk events occurred in ICBC, reflecting facts, analyzing reasons, assessing losses, summarizing lessons and making suggestions on risk management improvement.	及时报告工商银行发生的重大突发风险事件，包括反映事件事实、分析事件成因、评估损失影响、总结吸取教训和提出风险管理改进建议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Major unexpected risk event scope and reporting requirements are based on relevant regulations of ICBC.	重大突发风险事件范围和报告要求按照行内相关规定执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. Risk and ICAAP Management	五、风险及资本充足评估管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Assessment on substantial risks	（一）实质性风险评估	sample1-en-sample1-zh
There are two approaches to assess substantial risks.	实质性风险评估的方法主要有两大类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
One of them is that a bank, with “scoring card”, assesses the risk levels and risk management quality (including governance, risk management framework and internal control) as well as stress testing and capital intensity of various substantial risks, and gets the capital requirement taking all substantial risks into consideration on the basis of assessment.	其中一类是银行通过打分卡的方法，对各实质性风险的风险水平和风险管理质量（包括治理、风险管理框架和内部控制）以及压力测试、资本强度等方面进行评估，并在评估的基础上得出考虑所有实质性风险的资本要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The other is mainly implementing the Pillar II through economic capital.	另一类银行主要通过经济资本的方法来实施第二支柱。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In areas where the new capital accord has been implemented, including banks in the Europe and Australia, economic capital is a major tool used for assessing risks.	在已实施新资本协议的地区，包括欧洲和澳洲的银行，经济资本是这些银行用于评估风险的主要工具。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To be more accurate, the most initial and primary purpose of those banks to build and perform an economic capital model is not to meet regulatory requirements, but to meet banks’ internal management needs, including calculation of return on capital after risk adjustment as well as related performance assessment.	更准确地说，这些银行建立和实施经济资本模型的最初和最主要目的不是为了落实监管要求，而是为了满足银行的内部管理需要，包括计算风险调节后的资本回报率及相关的业绩考核等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Capital adequacy forecast	（二）资本充足预测	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Purpose	1.资本充足预测的目的	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Forecasting capital adequacy aims to, under the continuous changes in operational scale and risk profile, guarantee a bank to be able to maintain its capital adequacy level above the minimum capital adequacy ratio obtained from risk assessment.	资本充足预测的目的是为了确保银行在不断变化的业务经营规模和风险轮廓下，资本充足水平能维持在银行风险评估得出的最低资本充足比率之上。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
From the perspectives of regulation and risk management, capital may be used for absorbing possible non-expected losses.	从监管和风险管理角度来看，资本用于吸收可能发生的非预期损失。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Therefore, given all other conditions unchanged, the more capital a bank has, the safer the bank is.	因此，其他条件保持不变，银行持有的资本越多，银行越安全。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
But from the perspective of operation management, capital is a kind of expensive and limited resource.	但是，从经营管理角度来看，资本是一种昂贵且有限的资源。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
So, holding more capitals means operating costs are higher, reducing return on capital of stakeholders.	因此，持有较多的资本意味较高的经营成本并会降低利益相关者的资本回报率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Under the framework of ICAAP, banks need to be prudent in assessing various substantial risks, and continuously keep a capital level consistent with the risk profile (or capital adequacy ratio), based on which banks conduct effective forecasting on capital adequacy ratios to ensure that they may consecutively satisfy target capital adequacy ratio requirements when preparing and carrying out business operation and risk management plans.	ICAAP 框架下，银行审慎评估各类实质性风险，并持续保持与银行风险状况相适应的资本水平（即资本充足率）。 在此基础上，银行开展有效的资本充足率预测以确保银行在制定和实施业务经营规划和风险管理规划时可以持续地满足目标资本充足率要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Typically, banks make forecasting on capital adequacy ratios in the next three years.	银行一般对未来3年的资本充足率进行预测。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Relationship between capital adequacy ratio forecasting process and business planning process	2.资本充足率预测流程和业务规划流程的关系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Capital management plays an important role in business planning and operational orientation. Banks shall assess and analyze each detailed business planning item as the following:	资本管理对业务规划和经营的导向有重要作用，应对每个业务规划细项进行下述评估和分析：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Effect on risk profile, and further effect on capital demand;	——对风险状况的影响，进而对资本需求的影响；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Effect on income growth, and further effect on capital supply; and	——对收益增长的影响，进而对资本供给的影响；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Assess and analyze the amount of distributable capital.	——评估并分析可分配的资本数额。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Composition The main purpose of capital adequacy ratio foresting is to understand effect of a bank’s operation and strategic development planning on its capital, and maintain an appropriate level of capital adequacy.	3.资本充足率预测的构成 资本充足率预测主要目的是理解银行经营和战略发展规划对资本的影响，保持资本充足的适当水平。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Forecasting on capital adequacy ratio is primarily based on the regulatory capital and total risk-weighted asset forecasting.	预测资本充足率预测主要基于对监管资本的预测和对总风险加权资产的预测。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Regulatory capital forecasting includes that on the following items:	对监管资本的预测包括对下列细项的预测：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Table 2-1 Items under Regulatory Capital Forecasting	表2-1 监管资本的预测细则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Category	大类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Item	细项	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Core capital	核心资本	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Paid-in capital	· 实收资本	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Capital reserve	· 资本公积	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Surplus reserves (incl. statutory surplus reserve and discretionary surplus reserve)	· 盈余公积（包括法定盈余公积、任意盈余公积）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· General reserve	· 一般准备	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Retained profits	· 未分配利润	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Minority equity	· 少数股权	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Deduction: goodwill, etc.	· 扣减项：商誉等	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supplementary capital	附属资本	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Revaluation reserve	· 重估储备	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· 50% of unrealized net gain due to changes in fair value of available-for-sale equity and bond financial assets	· 可供出售的股权类、债券类金融资产的公允价值变动形成的未实现净利得的50％	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· 50% of unrealized net gain due to changes in fair value of hedging tool and hedged items in an effective part of cash flow hedging	· 现金流套期有效部分中的套期工具和被套期项目公允价值变动形成的净利得的50％	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Unrealized net gain due to changes in fair value of financial instrument for trading (after-tax)	· 交易性金融工具公允价值变动形成的未实现净利得(考虑税收影响后)	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Allowance for excess impairment losses	· 超额减值准备	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Preferred shares	· 优先股	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Convertible bond	· 可转换债券	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Hybrid debt capital tool	· 混合债务资本工具	sample1-en-sample1-zh
· Long-term subordinated debt	· 长期次级债务	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Total risk-weighted assets are equal to the sum of credit risk-weighted, operational risk-weighted and market risk-weighted assets.	总风险加权资产等于信用风险加权资产、操作风险加权资产以及市场风险加权资产的总和。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Currently, ICBC is applying the prevailing approach for calculating credit risk-weighted assets, and the standardized approach for calculating both operational risk-weighted and market risk-weighted assets.	工商银行目前使用现行法计算信用风险加权资产，使用标准法计算操作风险加权资产，以及使用标准法计算市场风险加权资产。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After the implementation of new capital accord, the foundation IRB approach, the standardized approach of market risk and the standardized approach of operational risk will be applied for calculating various risk-weighted assets, respectively.	在新资本协议实施后，将采用内部评级初级法、市场风险标准法和操作风险标准法来分别计算各类风险的风险加权资产。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To majority commercial banks, credit risk is the largest one of total risk-weighted assets.	信用风险对于大多数商业银行而言，是总风险加权资产中最大的一项。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If a forecasting on credit risk-weighted assets is based on internal ratings-based approach, a quantitative growth and quality improvement of assets shall be taken into consideration.	信用风险加权资产的预测如果基于内部评级法，应考虑量的增长以及资产质量的变化。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
At present, credit risk is the largest one faced by commercial banks in China which focus on lending business.	信用风险是当前以信贷业务为主的中国商业银行所面临的最大风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Operational risk is relatively a stable one for banks.	操作风险对银行来说是相对稳定的风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
There is a higher probability of operational risk to occur primarily due to imperfect rules and regulations, lack of experience in operation by staffs, and possible shortcomings in management at the time when new business gets started or new system goes alive; when new business and system gradually become mature, rules and regulations are improved, and staff get experienced in operation, operational risk becomes less frequent.	主要因为在新业务开展或新系统上线时，由于规章制度不完善、员工操作经验不足、管理上可能存在的漏洞，此时操作风险出现的概率较高；而随着新业务和新系统的逐渐成熟，规章制度的逐步完善，员工的操作经验也会日渐丰富，这就使得操作风险发生的频率降低。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Therefore, the measurement results of operational risk-weighted assets in terms of banks’ current operational status have been stablized.	因此，就银行目前运营状态而言，对操作风险加权资产的计量结果已相对稳定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Market risk exposure position change is mainly subject to market factors such as interest rate, exchange rate, and stock price; it is also affected by factors such as front-office dealer’s personal judgment on trends.	市场风险暴露头寸的变化主要受利率、汇率、股价等市场因子的影响，同时也会受到前台交易人员对趋势的个人判断等因素影响。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Therefore, it is relatively difficult to forecast changes in market risk position.	因此，市场风险头寸的变动相对更难以预测。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
So, regarding the methodology of capital adequacy ratio forecasting, because credit risk produces greater effect on banks’ future capital requirement, a more complicated forecasting method will be used to credit risk-weighted assets growth compared with market risk and operational risk ones.	因此，在资本充足率预测方法论中，由于信用风险对银行未来的资本需求的影响更大，对信用风险加权资产增长的预测将使用比市场风险和操作风险更复杂的预测方法。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VI. Country Risk Management	六、国别风险管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Country risk overview	（一）国别风险简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In 2010, CBRC issued the Guidelines for Country Risk Management of Banking Financial Institutions (Y.J.F. [2010] No.45), in which country risk is defined as the risk that results to the borrower or debtor in the country or region where its economy, politics and society gets change and undergoes relevant events is incapable of or refuses to pay the debt to banking financial institution, or causes the commercial interest of banking financial institution to suffer the loss in the country or region, or causes banking financial institution to experience other losses.	我国银监会于2010年颁布了《银行业金融机构国别风险管理指引》（银监发[2010]45号），将国别风险定义为由于某一国家或地区经济、政治、社会变化及事件，导致该国家或地区借款人或债务人没有能力或者拒绝偿付银行业金融机构债务，或使银行业金融机构在该国家或地区的商业存在遭受损失，或使银行业金融机构遭受其他损失的风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To meet regulatory requirements, ICBC later issued the Management Measures for Country Risk Ratings of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Tentative).	根据监管要求，工商银行随后颁布了《中国工商银行国别风险评级管理办法（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Country risk classification	（二）国别风险分类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to CBRC’s Guidelines for Country Risk Management of Banking Financial Institutions (Y.J.F. [2010] No.45), country risk can be classified into seven categories, namely, transfer risk, sovereign risk, contagion risk, currency risk, macroeconomic risk, political risk and indirect country risk.	根据银监会《银行业金融机构国别风险管理指引》（银监发[2010]45号），国别风险可以分为7类，即转移风险、主权风险、传染风险、货币风险、宏观经济风险、政治风险、间接国别风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Country risk rating	（三）国别风险评级	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to strengthen country risk management, and regulate country risk rating, ICBC enacted the Management Measures for Country Risk Ratings of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Tentative), according to CBRC’s Guidelines for Country Risk Management of Banking Financial Institutions (Y.J.F. [2010] No.45) and ICBC’s Consolidated Management Measures (G.Y.F. [2009] No.72), and other relevant laws and regulations.	为加强国别风险管理，规范国别风险评级，根据银监会《银行业金融机构国别风险管理指引》（银监发[2010] 45号）和工商银行《并表管理办法》（工银发[2009]72号）以及相关法律法规，工商银行制定了《中国工商银行国别风险评级管理办法（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Rating subject	1.评级对象	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Subjects of country risk rating are countries or regions doing business or possibly doing business with ICBC as well as countries or regions that will likely to produce indirect significant effect on ICBC’s operation yet they have no business contact with ICBC now.	国别风险评级对象为与工商银行有业务往来或可能与之开展业务往来的国家或地区，以及虽与工商银行没有业务往来，但可能对工商银行业务造成间接重大影响的国家或地区。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Countries or regions refer to different jurisdictions or economies.	国家或地区指不同的司法管辖区或经济体。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Rating principles	2.评级原则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Comprehensiveness.	(1)全面性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Rating shall consider comprehensively various risks that may bring losses to ICBC’s operation in this country or region, such as transfer, sovereign, contagion, currency, macroeconomic, political and indirect country risks.	评级应全面考察可能给工商银行在该国家或地区的业务带来损失的各类风险，包括转移风险、主权风险、传染风险、货币风险、宏观经济风险、政治风险以及间接国别风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Objectivity.	(2)客观性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Country risk rating needs to be independent from Banking departments.	国别风险评级独立于业务办理部门。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Employees shall conduct country risk rating with scientific, objective and fair attitude, truly reflecting risk status of each subject rated.	评级人员以科学、客观、公正的态度进行国别风险评级，真实反映各评级对象的风险状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Integrity.	(3)整体性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Country risk rating needs an integrated inspection on all factors in this country or region such as political, economic and social ones, systematically reflecting overall risk status of the country or region.	国别风险应综合考察该国或地区政治、经济、社会等各方面因素，系统反映国家或地区总体风险状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(4) Importance.	(4)重要性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Country risk rating shall cover all countries or regions to which ICBC has significant risk exposures with rating system needing to be consistent with ICBC’s country risk exposure size and complexity.	国别风险评级应覆盖工商银行所有重大风险暴露所处的国家和地区，评级体系应与工商银行国别风险暴露规模和复杂程度相适应。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Significant country risk exposure refers to a risk exposure above 25% of ICBC’s net capital with regard to one country or region.	重大国别风险暴露是指对单一国家或地区超过工商银行净资本25%的风险暴露。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Rating indicators	3.评级指标	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A rating indicators system includes six aspects: economic environment; financial environment; international balance of payment & foreign debt level; political and diplomatic environment; system operating environment; and social security environment, their weights in comprehensive country risk rating scores are 20%, 25%, 20% , 15%, 15% and 5%, respectively.	评级指标体系分为经济环境、金融环境、国际收支及外债水平、政治外交环境、制度运营环境、社会安全环境六个方面，在国家风险综合评价得分中的权重依次为20％、25％、20％、15％、15％和5％。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Table 2-2 Country Risk Rating Indicators System	表2-2 国别风险评级指标体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Indicator	指标类型	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Rating content	评价内容	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Economic environment	经济环境	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Economic growth rate, pattern and sustainability; inflation rate; employment; pillar industries; economic exposure to other countries or regions.	经济增长水平、模式和可持续性，通货膨胀水平，就业情况，支柱产业状况，经济受其他国家或地区问题影响的程度等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Financial environment	金融环境	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Money supply; interest rate; foreign exchange rate; government financial situation; whether it is an international financial center; major market functions; completeness of financial market infrastructures and regulatory capacity; development level of financial system; financial system leverage ratio and stability of funding source; matching degree of financial development with real economy; growth of banking system and private sector loan growth.	货币供应量，利率，汇率，政府财政状况，是否为国际金融中心，主要市场功能、金融市场基础设施完备程度和监管能力，金融系统发达程度，金融系统杠杆率和资金来源稳定性，金融发展与实体经济匹配性，银行体系增长情况，私人部门信贷增长情况等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
International balance of payment and foreign debit level	国际收支及外债水平	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Current account status and stability; inflows of foreign capital; foreign exchange reserve size; foreign debit structure, size and solvency.	经常账户状况和稳定性，国外资本流入情况，外汇储备规模，外债结构、规模和偿债能力等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Political and diplomatic environment	政治外交环境	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Political stability; political force balance; form of government maturity; geopolitics and diplomatic relations.	政治稳定性，政治力量平衡性，政体成熟程度，地缘政治与外交关系状况等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
System operating environment	制度运营环境	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Legal system; investment policy; compliance with international laws, as well as business, accounting and financial regulatory standards; information transparency; governmental willingness and ability in modifying economic and budget problems.	法律体系，投资政策，遵守国际法律、商业、会计和金融监管等标准情况，以及信息透明度，政府纠正经济及预算问题的意愿和能力等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Social security environment	社会安全环境	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Social civilization level and cultural traditions; religious and ethnic conflicts; terrorist activities; other social problems, including but not limited to criminal and public security, natural conditions and other disasters.	社会文明程度和文化传统，宗教民族矛盾，恐怖主义活动，其他社会问题，包括但不限于犯罪和治安状况、自然条件和自然灾害、疾病瘟疫等。 4.评级管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Rating management	（1）评级流程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Rating process: country risk rating mainly includes initiation, examination, identification, overthrowing and updating.	国别风险评级流程主要包括评级发起、评级审查、评级认定、评级推翻和评级更新。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After country risk rating has been completed, if there happens an event needing re-rating in a certain country or region, updating is required to be finished within 30 days.	在国别风险评级完成后，若某国或地区发生需要进行重新评级的事件时，应在30天内完成评级更新。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Rating agency.	（2）评级机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Risk Management Department of the Head Office is responsible for conducting country risk ratings.	总行风险管理部负责组织开展国别风险评级工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Expert Review Panel for Country Risk Rating of the Head Office is responsible for examining and overthrowing the scores based on country risk rating indicators and initial results.	总行国别风险评级专家审查小组负责对国别风险评级的指标得分和初评结果进行审查和推翻。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Risk Management Committee of the Head Office is responsible for finalizing annual country risk rating levels.	总行风险管理委员会负责年度国别风险等级的最终审定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Each country risk rating application department and overseas branch shall assist the he Risk Management Department of the Head Office in monitoring country risk ratings.	各国别风险评级应用部门和各境外分支机构协助总行风险管理部做好国别风险评级监测工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Country risk exposure	（四）国别风险敞口	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Definition and types	1.国别风险敞口定义及类型	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Country risk exposure is the maximum risk exposure of ICBC’s all business activities in the country risk.	国别风险敞口，是指工商银行各项业务经营活动在国别风险中的最大风险暴露。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The business types of ICBC’s country risk exposure include but not limited to such business activities as loans, trade finance, letter of guarantee & commitment, bills, bonds, foreign exchange, placements, financial derivatives, transfers between correspondent banks, overseas leasing, setup of overseas institutions, overseas strategic investment, reorganization and M&A, overseas equity investment, and outsourcing services provided by overseas service providers.	工商银行国别风险敞口的业务类型包括但不限于：贷款、贸易融资、保函及承诺函、票据、债券、外汇、资金拆放、金融衍生业务、代理行往来、境外租赁、设立境外机构、境外战略投资和重组并购、境外股权投资、以及由境外服务提供商提供的外包服务等经营活动。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Statistical rules	2.国别风险敞口的统计规则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Country risk exposure statistics are made at the group and corporate levels.	国别风险敞口统计包括集团和法人两个层面。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Group-based statistical rule.	集团口径统计规则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The institutions under the group approach shall be the same with ICBC’s consolidated management institutions, including the Head Office, domestic and overseas branches, domestic and overseas affiliates, and domestic and overseas subsidiaries. Business operational activities that have country risks of these institutions are all included into the Group’s country risk exposure statistics.	集团口径的机构范围与工商银行并表管理机构保持一致，具体包括：总行本部、境内外分行、境内外子行、境内外附属机构，这些机构存在国别风险的业务经营活动均纳入集团国别风险敞口统计范围。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Single corporate-based statistical rule.	单一法人口径统计规则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The institutions under the single corporate approach (i.e. Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited) include the Head Office, domestic and overseas branches. Business operational activities exposed to country risks of these institutions are included into the corporate’s country risk exposure statistics.	单一法人口径（指中国工商银行股份有限公司）的机构范围包括：总行本部、境内外分行，这些机构存在国别风险的业务经营活动纳入法人国别风险敞口统计范围。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office enters the amount of investment in domestic and overseas affiliates, subsidiaries and shareholding institutions into the exposure statistics as “Equity Investment”, respectively.	总行对境内外子行、附属机构和参股机构的投资入股金额分别以“股权投资”进入敞口统计范围。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Country limit	（五）国别限额	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Definition and classification	1.国别限额定义及分类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Country limit refers to the upper limit set by ICBC to the country risk exposure of a particular country or region.	国别限额，是指某一国家或某些国家的累计国别风险敞口的上限。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Here, country risk exposure refers to the final risk exposure after risks have been transferred. Exposure amount and country to which risks are exposed are determined by ICBC’s country risk exposure statistical system.	此处国别风险敞口指风险转移后的最终风险敞口，敞口金额及敞口所在国家按照工商银行国别风险敞口统计制度确定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Country limit can be divided into whole bank’s total country limit, regional country limit and single country risk limit.	国别限额可分为全行国别总限额、区域国别限额和单一国别限额等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The whole bank’s total country limit is the one for a maximum total country risk exposure that ICBC is willing to take.	全行国别总限额为工商银行愿意承担的最大国别风险总敞口的限额。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A regional country limit is the one for a country risk exposure to a certain region, normally represented by a percentage of regional country risk exposure accounting for the whole bank’s total country limit.	区域国别限额为某一区域内的国别风险敞口限额，通常以区域国别风险敞口占全行国别风险总敞口的比重的形式表示。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Single country risk exposure ceiling is the maximum value among all single country limits.	单一国家风险敞口上限为所有单一国别限额的最大值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Limit setting Country limit is mainly decided by country risk, business opportunity and country (region) importance.	2.国别限额的设定方法 国别限额主要依据国别风险、业务机会和国家（地区）重要性三个因素确定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Of three, business opportunity represents volume of business that ICBC may deal with in a certain country. Country (region) importance refers to the importance of ICBC’s business in this country relative to ICBC’s overall development strategies and business income.	其中业务机会表示工商银行在某国可能的业务量相对大小，国家（地区）重要性是指工商银行在该国业务对工商银行整体发展战略、经营收益的相对重要性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Business opportunity is associated with this country (region)’s economic scale and its bilateral trade relationship with China. Country (region) importance is related to ICBC’s development strategies. Both do not consider country (region) risk.	业务机会与国家（地区）经济规模以及与中国的双边经贸往来有关，国家（地区）重要性与工商银行发展战略有关，两者均不考虑国家（地区）风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Country (region) importance	3.国家（地区）重要性	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The countries (regions) are divided into three types: core strategic importance, prior development and general based on their importance to the Bank’s international strategy, market distribution, profit growth and international influence.	按照各国家和地区对工商银行国际化战略、市场布局、利润增长、国际影响等方面的重要性，将其分为核心战略类、重点发展类、一般类三类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The countries (regions) of core strategic importance are the countries and regions that have great contribution to the Bank’s profit or non-monetary benefit, that the Bank plans to make access to or those that have an importance influence on the Bank’s international reputation; the countries (regions) of prior development are the countries (regions) less important than the countries (regions) of core strategic importance, including the countries and regions that have frequent business exchanges with the Bank, those that play an important role in the Bank’s business development or those that have a great potential of business growth; and the countries (regions) classified as general are the countries and regions other than the those of core strategic importance and prior development.	核心战略类国家（地区）是影响工商银行国际化战略实施、对工商银行利润或非货币收益贡献巨大、工商银行拟重点进入、或对工商银行国际声誉具有重要影响的国家和地区；重点发展类国家（地区）是重要性低于核心战略类的国家（地区），包括与工商银行有经常性的业务往来、对工商银行业务发展具有重要作用，或具有较大业务增长潜力的国家和地区；一般类国家（地区）是除核心战略类和重点发展类以外的国家和地区。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Five Internal Control and Compliance Management	第五节 内部控制与合规管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Internal Control	一、内部控制	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal control work at ICBC is subject to two major regulatory documents. One is the Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial Banks issued by CBRC in 2007, which introduced the overall framework standards of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) into China’s banking industry. The other is the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, National Audit Office, CBRC, CSRC and China Insurance Regulatory Commission in June 2008, supplemented by the Supporting Guidelines for Enterprise Internal Control released in April 2010.	工商银行内部控制工作所遵循的主要监管法规有以下两部：一是2007年银监会发布的《商业银行内部控制指引》，将COSO（Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission）整体框架标准引入我国银行业；二是2008年6月，财政部、审计署、银监会、证监会、保监会等五部委联合发布的《企业内部控制基本规范》，以及于2010年4月发布的《企业内部控制配套指引》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Definition, objective and principles of internal control	（一）内部控制的定义、目标与原则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In accordance with relevant regulations, ICBC defines internal control as a process aimed at achieving control objectives and implemented by the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Senior Management and all employees.	根据监管法规，工商银行将内部控制定义为由我行董事会、监事会、高级管理层和全体员工实施的、旨在实现控制目标的过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The objective of internal control is to provide reasonable assurance regarding the compliance of operation and management, safety of assets, authenticity and completeness of financial reports and relevant information, enhanced effectiveness and efficiency of operation and fulfillment of corporate development strategy.	内部控制的目标是为经营管理合法合规、资产安全、财务报告及相关信息真实完整、提高经营效率和效果、促进企业实现发展战略提供合理保证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal control development and implementation follows five principles, namely, completeness, materiality, check and balance, adaptability and cost effectiveness.	内部控制建设与实施遵循全面性、重要性、制衡性、适应性和成本效益五项原则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Elements of the internal control system of ICBC	（二）工商银行内部控制体系的构成要素	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal control system of ICBC comprises five elements, namely, internal environment, risk assessment, control activities, internal supervision, and information and communication.	工商银行内部控制体系包括五大要素，即内部环境、风险评估、控制活动、内部监督、信息与沟通。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Internal environment	1.内部环境	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal environment, as the foundation for internal control implementation, generally includes corporate governance structure, organizational structure setup, distribution of powers and responsibilities, internal audit, human resource policy and corporate culture.	内部环境是实施内部控制的基础，一般包括公司治理结构、组织机构设置及权责分配，内部审计、人力资源政策、企业文化等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Heads of internal organizations and departments of ICBC concurrently perform duties of business management and internal control management, i.e. dual duties for one post, directly responsible for internal control of their respective organizations or departments.	工商银行内部各机构、各部门负责人同时履行业务管理和内部控制管理职责，即一岗双责，对本机构、本部门的内部控制负直接责任。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC set up an internal control compliance department at each of the Head Office, domestic tier-one branch (branch directly controlled by the Head Office) and tier-two branch levels, charged with leading and coordinating the establishment and implementation of internal controls, carrying out internal control assessment of domestic tier-one (immediate) branches or lower levels and reporting to the Management at the corresponding level. Internal audit bureaus and sub-bureaus, set up in a vertically management mode, are accountable and report to the Board of Directors on their activities, take the lead in group-wide internal control assessment and assist in external disclosure of the internal control assessment report.	工商银行在总行、境内一级（直属）分行和二级分行设立内控合规部门，负责牵头组织协调内部控制的建立实施，开展境内一级（直属）分行及以下机构内控评价工作，并向本级行管理层报告；设立垂直管理的内部审计局及内审分局，对董事会负责并报告工作，履行集团层面内部控制评价工作的牵头职责，协助完成内部控制评价报告的对外披露。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Risk assessment	2.风险评估	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has developed the risk management strategy and objectives and defined the risk tolerance, maintaining close monitoring of internal and external risk-generating factors. Risk assessment procedures, standards and methods have been established and improved to analyze and sequence identified risks according to the possibility and impact of risks, so as to determine the priority list of risk controls. With the risk-return balance considered, risks are effectively controlled by using a range of response tactics, including risk avoidance, risk mitigation, risk sharing and risk taking.	工商银行制定了风险管理战略和目标，确定风险承受度，密切关注产生风险的各类内外部因素；建立健全风险评估的程序、标准和方法，按照风险发生的可能性及其影响程度等，对识别的风险进行分析和排序，确定关注重点和优先控制的风险；权衡风险与收益，综合运用风险规避、风险降低、风险分担和风险承受等应对策略，实现对风险的有效控制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, ICBC also prepares different levels and types of risk reports at such frequency, within such scope and according to such procedures as laid down in relevant documents, so as to meet the diverse needs of all institutions and departments regarding the risk profile.	此外，工商银行还编制不同层次和种类风险报告，按照制度规定的报告发送范围、程序和频率，以满足各机构、各部门对风险状况的多样性需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Control activities	3.控制活动	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to its internal control objectives and risk response tactics, ICBC uses an array of control measures to effectively control various activities and matters by combining manual control with automatic control, and combining preventive control with reactive control.	工商银行根据内部控制目标，结合风险应对策略，通过手工控制与系统控制、预防性控制与发现性控制相结合的方法，综合运用控制措施，对各种业务和事项实施有效控制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Control measures generally include control over policies and processes, control over segregation of incompatible posts, authority and approval control, accounting system control, property protection control, budget control, operation and management analysis control, performance assessment control, emergency response control, product innovation control, anti-money laundering control, outsourcing control, safety and security control, prevention of conflict of interests control and partnering intermediaries control.	控制措施一般包括：制度流程控制、不相容职务分离控制、授权审批控制、会计系统控制、财产保护控制、预算控制、经营管理分析控制、绩效考评控制、应急处理控制、产品创新控制、反洗钱控制、外包控制、安全保卫控制、防止利益冲突控制、合作中介机构控制等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Internal supervision	4.内部监督	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Institutions and departments of ICBC are responsible for supervisory inspection of relevant business areas with their respective scope of duties.	工商银行各机构、各部门按照职责分工负责本机构、本部门相关业务领域的监督检查工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal control compliance department is responsible for overall management of supervisory inspections and the oversight of all institutions’ and departments’ activities regarding the implementation of supervisory inspections.	内控合规部门负责统筹管理层各项监督检查工作，对各机构、各部门监督检查工作开展情况进行再监督。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit department is responsible for supervisory assessment of operating activities, risk management, internal controls and corporate governance effectiveness.	内部审计部门负责对经营活动、风险管理、内部控制和公司治理效果进行监督评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal supervisions at ICBC take the form of day-to-day supervision, specialized supervision and internal control assessment.	工商银行内部监督方式包括日常监督、专项监督和内控评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has an internal control accountability system.	工商银行建立了内部控制责任追究制度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Board of Directors and the Senior Management are responsible for effectiveness of internal controls and assume the liability for any material loss arising from ineffective internal control.	董事会、高级管理层对内部控制的有效性负责，并对内部控制失效造成的重大损失承担责任。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Senior Management will pursue the liability of and impose punishment upon any internal control violators in accordance with laws and internal control regulations, and shall assume the liability for inadequate resolution of violations.	高级管理层对违反内部控制的人员，依据法律规定、内部管理制度追究责任和予以处分，并承担处理不力的责任。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All institutions and departments shall make timely correction of problems in internal control and assume relevant liability for risks and losses incurred.	各机构、各部门需及时纠正内部控制存在的问题，对造成的风险和损失承担相应的责任。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The supervisory inspection department will be held liable for non-detection of major problems due to its failure to execute the inspection plan, concealment or untrue reporting of problems detected during inspection, serious inconsistencies between inspection conclusion and facts and inadequate follow-up on the correction of problems detected during inspection.	监督检查部门对未执行检查方案、程序和方法导致重大问题未能被发现，隐瞒不报或者未如实反映检查发现问题，检查结论与事实严重不符，检查发现问题查处整改工作跟踪不力等行为，承担相应的责任。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Information and communication	5.信息与沟通	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has in place a database and management information system that permeate all levels of institutions and covers all areas of business, allowing real-time and full-range monitoring of all risks. Relevant information in the course of business management and internal control is documented accurately, truthfully and completed in paper or other proper forms. Procedures to manage basic and specialized records are perfected to ensure records are clear, easily identifiable and searchable.	工商银行建立了贯穿各级机构和覆盖各个业务领域的数据库和管理信息系统，实现对各类风险的实时和全面监测；以书面或者其他适当的形式，及时准确、真实完整的记录经营管理和内部控制过程中的相关信息，健全基本档案制度建设和专业档案管理程序，确保档案记录清晰、易于识别和可检索。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Effective internal and external communication mechanisms have been established to ensure all information can be communicated accurately and quickly to relevant institutions, departments and personnel along the internal control line, and the operations of institutions at all levels, duty performance of all departments and personnel, detected deficiencies and weaknesses in internal control, emergencies and significant events can be smoothly fed back to the Management. In particular, information sharing is enhanced between institutions and between departments within information management powers. External information, especially customer information, is screened, checked, consolidated and analyzed in a timely manner. Information on business management, accounting and internal control are disclosed and communicated on a timely, truthful and complete basis as required.	建立了有效的内外部信息交流机制，确保各项信息能够按照内部控制路线准确、快捷地传递到相关机构、部门和员工，各级机构经营情况、各部门和员工履职情况、发现的内部控制隐患和缺陷、各类突发事件和重大事件等信息能够顺畅反馈到管理层，各机构之间和各部门之间按信息管理权限加强各类信息资源的共享，对外部信息尤其是客户信息及时进行筛选、核对、整合和分析，按要求及时、真实、完整地披露和传达各类经营管理、财务会计和内部控制信息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC maintains a sound confidentiality system that includes standardized requirements on the production, receipt, distribution, transfer, use, reproduction, retention and destruction of media carrying state secrets and ICBC’s business secrets and clearly sets out management requirements regarding state secrets and ICBC’s business secrets involved in overseas institutions’ business activities with foreign, domestic (or mainland) counterparties.	工商银行健全保密制度，规范了国家秘密和工商银行商业秘密载体的制作、收发、传递、使用、复制、保存和销毁等方面的要求，明确了境外机构对外业务往来、同国（境）内联系工作时涉及国家秘密和工商银行商业秘密信息的管理要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC also requires that electronic documents containing business secrets and other sensitive information that shall be treated as business secrets should be subject to security protection and access management through the electronic document security control system.	还规定商业秘密电子文件或其他需要比照商业秘密管理的敏感信息均应通过电子文件安全控制系统进行安全保护和权限管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The anti-fraud mechanism has been created and improved, with emphasis placed on strengthening the monitoring of misappropriation or embezzlement of assets, pursuance of illegal gains, false records, misleading statements or major omissions in financial statements and information disclosures, abuse of powers by directors, supervisors and senior management and collusive frauds by personnel in relevant institutions.	健全反舞弊机制，重点加强对侵占、挪用资产，牟取不当利益, 财务会计报告和信息披露中的虚假记载、误导性陈述或者重大遗漏，董事、监事及其他高级管理人员滥用职权，有关机构人员串通舞弊等方面的监控。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Processes for complaint handling and complainant protection are in place, a reporting line exclusively for complaints has been established and complainant protection has been enhanced to ensure complaints serve as an important route for collecting fraud information.	建立举报投诉和举报人保护制度，设置举报专线，加强对举报人的保护，确保举报和投诉成为有效掌握反舞弊信息的重要途径。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Compliance Management	二、合规管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Objective and principles of compliance management	（一）合规管理的目标及原则	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The objective of compliance management at ICBC is to effectively identify and manage compliance risk and take effective control measures to assure compliance of operations by establishing and improving a compliance management system commensurate with the Bank’s development strategy and organizational structure.	工商银行开展合规管理的目标是通过建立健全与本行发展战略和组织架构相适应的合规管理体系，实现对合规风险的有效识别和管理，采取有效控制措施，为合规经营提供保障。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Principle of compliance paramount.	1.合规至上原则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC advocates and implements the philosophy of “Compliance and Integrity”, persistently complies with supervisory requirements and its corporate regulations to a high standard and carries out all operating and managerial activities on a prudent basis.	工商银行倡导并推行“合规经营，诚实守信”的合规理念，坚持高标准遵守监管要求和工商银行规定，以审慎经营为出发点，开展各项经营管理活动。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Principle of entire staff and total process.	2.全员全过程原则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Compliance management is the common responsibility of all ICBC staff and runs through the total process of operation and management.	合规管理是工商银行所有员工的共同责任，贯穿经营管理事前、事中、事后全过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Principle and independence and collaboration.	3.独立与协作原则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal control & compliance department maintains relative independence, has the right to access necessary information and personnel and assumes no duties that may trigger a conflict of interest with its compliance management duty.	内控合规部门保持相对独立性，享有接触必要信息和人员的权限，不承担与其合规管理职责产生利益冲突的其他职责。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All institutions (departments) shall collaborate with the internal control & compliance department in compliance management, without restricting or hindering compliance management for whatever reasons. 	各级机构（部门）与内控合规部门协作开展合规管理工作，不得以任何理由限制和阻挠。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Overview of compliance management construction at ICBC	（二）工商银行合规管理建设概况	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Organizational structure for compliance management	1.合规管理组织架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A “Centralized + Decentralized” organizational structure for compliance has been created in line with the strategic objectives, organizational structure, business size and business characteristics of ICBC.	结合工商银行的战略目标、组织架构、业务规模、经营特色，搭建了“集中+分散”的合规组织架构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Top-down approach to compliance management.	（1）合规从高层做起。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management of ICBC strictly perform their compliance management duties within their respective mandate, thereby ensuring all operating and managerial activities satisfy supervisory requirements and the Bank’s strategic development needs.	工商银行的董事会、监事会、高级管理层严格履行职责范围内相应的合规管理职责，确保各项经营管理活动符合监管要求和本行发展战略需要。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Centralized and independent organization of compliance management.	（2）集中独立的合规管理组织。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has an Internal Control & Compliance Department at the Head Office level that oversees internal control and compliance management. Under the leadership of the Senior Management and the Chief Risk Officer, the Internal Control & Compliance Department regularly meets with the Legal Affairs Department, the Risk Management Department and the banking departments to discuss and deal with risk management issues regarding internal control and compliance of the Bank.	工商银行在总行层面设立内控合规部，统筹管理内部控制与合规管理两大管理职能，同法律事务部、风险管理部和各业务部门在高级管理层和首席风险官的领导下形成定期会晤机制，共同研究和解决全行内控合规风险管理问题。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, the internal audit department audits and assesses the soundness and effectiveness of the Bank’s compliance management system and the performance of compliance management duties by institutions (departments) and the internal control & compliance department at all levels.	此外，内部审计部门对全行合规管理体系的健全性、有效性，以及各级机构（部门）、内控合规部门的合规管理履职情况进行审计评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Decentralized resources of compliance management.	（3）分散的合规管理资源。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Institutions (departments) of ICBC at all levels are responsible for institutional (departmental) compliance management in accordance with rules, standards and the Senior Management’s requirements.	工商银行的各级机构（部门）按照各项规则、准则及高级管理层的要求，负责做好本级机构（部门）的合规管理工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, each employee shall assume the compliance management duty corresponding to his or her job, follow all rules and standards, accept compliance training and supervisory inspection and report any compliance risk and irregularities in a timely manner.	同时，每位员工承担与其工作岗位相对应的合规管理职责，自觉遵守各项规则和准则、接受合规培训和检查监督，及时报告合规风险和违规行为等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Compliance management procedures	2.合规管理程序	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Tracking of supervisory rules.	（1）监管规则跟踪。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal control & compliance department at each level shall keep track of supervisory rules, collect and analysis the impact of changes in supervisory rules on compliance of the Bank, issue risk reminders and provide the Management with supports for compliance-related decision making. Institutions (departments) at each level shall develop timely countermeasures according to changes in regulatory requirements.	各级内控合规部门及时跟踪监管规则，归集和分析监管规则变化对我行合规经营的影响，发布风险提示，为管理层提供合规决策支持；各级机构（部门）根据监管要求变化及时制定应对措施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Compliance training and advice.	（2）合规培训与咨询。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Institutions (departments) at each level shall periodically train employees on compliance and familiarize employees with compliance requirements specific to their jobs. The internal control & compliance department at each level shall assist in training and provide compliance advice to ensure employees are familiar with rules and standards they must abide by.	各级机构（部门）定期组织员工开展合规培训，引导员工了解和掌握各工作岗位的合规要求；各级内控合规部门协助组织培训，做好合规咨询等工作，确保员工知悉和掌握必须遵循的规则和准则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Management of regulations.	（3） 制度管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal control & compliance department at each level shall develop procedures for managing regulations and periodically review and evaluate regulations. The institutions (departments) at each level shall develop regulations, procedures and business operating guidelines according to operational and managerial needs.	各级内控合规部门制定制度管理规范，并定期组织开展制度梳理评价；各级机构（部门）根据经营管理需要制定制度、规程和业务操作指南。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(4) Compliance review.	（4）合规审查。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The institutions (departments) at each level shall submit new regulations, new products or services and other significant business matters to the internal control & compliance department for review. New services or products proposed to the regulators must be accompanied by the opinion of the internal control & compliance department.	各级机构（部门）在制定制度、开发新产品、新业务等重大经营事项时须报送内控合规部门审查，向监管部门申报的新业务、新产品申请须附有内控合规部门意见。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(5) Compliance risk monitoring.	（5）合规风险监测。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The institutions (departments) at each level shall monitor the compliance risk in all products, services and managerial activities, take relevant control measures and regularly report to the institutional (departmental) head and the internal control & compliance department at the corresponding level on compliance risk management. The internal control & compliance department at each level shall monitor the overall compliance risk of institutions at the corresponding level and comprehensively identify and assess the impact of compliance risk.	各级机构（部门）对各项产品、业务和管理活动的合规风险进行监测，并采取相应控制措施，定期向本机构（部门）负责人和同级内控合规部门报告合规风险管理情况；各级内控合规部门监测本级机构整体的合规风险信息，全面识别和评估合规风险影响。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(6) Compliance inspection, investigation and assessment.	（6）合规检查、调查与评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The institutions (departments) at each level shall self-inspect the compliance status in their respective operation and management. The internal control & compliance department at each level shall conduct compliance inspection, investigation and assessment at appropriate times, disclose compliance risk and irregularities and provide suggestions on improvement and punishment.	各级机构（部门）对自身经营管理过程中的合规情况进行自查；各级内控合规部门适时组织合规检查、调查与评价，揭示合规风险和违规行为，并提出改进和处罚建议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(7) Specific compliance obligations.	（7）特定合规义务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The institutions (departments) at each level shall proactively perform AML and other specific compliance obligations in accordance with supervisory requirements. The internal control & compliance department is responsible for causing institutions (departments) to fulfill specific compliance obligations.	各级机构（部门）根据监管要求自觉履行反洗钱等特定合规义务，各级内控合规部门负责推动各级机构（部门）做好特定合规义务的落实工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(8) Compliance risk reporting.	（8）合规风险报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The compliance management reports of ICBC include the report from the Senior Management to the Board of Directors, the report from the Internal Control & Compliance Department of the Head Office to the Senior Management and regular and specific compliance management reports from overseas institutions.	工商银行的合规管理报告包括高级管理层向董事会的报告、总行内控合规部向高级管理层的报告、各境外机构报送的定期和专项合规管理报告等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Compliance management of overseas institutions.	3.境外机构合规管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Establishing and improving the organizational structure for compliance management.	（1）建立健全合规管理组织架构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions, responsible for internal compliance management, shall strictly abide by applicable rules and standards of the People’s Republic of China and host countries or regions, fully implement relevant policies and procedures developed by the Head Office, fulfill compliance management duties, effectively prevent compliance risk and ensure institution-wide compliance.	各境外机构承担本机构的合规管理责任，应严格遵守中华人民共和国以及所在国家、地区所适用的规则和准则，认真执行总行制定的相关规章制度，切实履行合规管理职责，有效防范合规风险，确保本机构合规经营。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas branches and subsidiaries shall also create an organizational structure for compliance management commensurate with supervisory requirements and scope of business, clearly assign compliance management duties, appoint principal officers and staff for compliance management and ensure their compliance management function runs properly.	各境外分行、附属机构还应构建与监管要求和经营范围相适应的合规管理组织架构，明确合规管理职责，配备合规负责人、合规管理人员，确保本机构合规管理职能正常运行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Strengthening communication with the Head Office.	（2）加强与总行业务交流与沟通。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions shall accept the guidance on compliance management provided by the Internal Control & Compliance Department of the Head Office. Any inquiry made to the Head Office about compliance management shall be filed with both the Internal Control & Compliance Department and the relevant banking department of the Head Office. The Internal Control & Compliance Department of the Head Office will coordinate the relevant banking department to provide compliance advice. If the inquiry is about implementation of relevant policies and procedures developed by the Head Office, the relevant banking department of the Head Office is responsible for responding to the inquiry.	各境外机构的合规管理应接受总行内控合规部的业务指导，向总行进行合规管理咨询时应同时报请总行内控合规部和业务归口管理部门，由总行内控合规部协调相关归口管理部门完成合规咨询事务；就总行制定的有关规章制度执行问题进行咨询的，由总行业务归口管理部门负责解答。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An irregular meeting mechanism for the compliance officers of overseas institutions has been created to strengthen communication on compliance management between the Head Office and overseas institutions.	建立境外机构合规官的不定期会晤机制，加强总行与境外机构的合规管理工作交流。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Establishing and improving the reporting mechanism for compliance management.	（3）建立健全合规管理报告机制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions shall create and improve the reporting line for compliance management, regularly submit periodical and specific compliance management reports to the Internal Control & Compliance Department of the Head Office and ensure timelines, completeness and accuracy of information.	各境外机构应建立健全合规管理报告路线，定期向总行内控合规部报送定期和专项合规管理报告，并确保信息的及时性、完整性和准确性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Any major emergencies arising from compliance risk shall be handled in accordance with relevant rules of the Head Office.	因合规风险导致有关重大突发事件的，应按照总行相关规定进行处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Operational Risk Management	三、操作风险管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The overall objectives of operational risk management at ICBC are to: clarify operational risk management roles and responsibilities of all parties and shore up the confidence of shareholders and the public by establishing and improving the operational risk management framework; increase customer satisfaction and employees’ sense of belonging and enhance the overall service standard by identifying high-risk areas and mitigate operational risk hazards; improve allocation of operational risk management resources and increase operating efficiency of the Bank by strengthening process control and balancing risk and control; reduce operational risk losses of the Bank and improve control capability and standard by taking effective risk control and mitigation measures; and meet all supervisory requirements and minimize legal and compliance risks by examination and supervision.	我行操作风险管理总体目标是：通过建立健全操作风险治理架构，明确各方操作风险管理角色和职责，增强股东和公众信心；通过识别高风险领域，化解各类操作风险隐患，增强客户满意度和员工归属感，提升整体服务水平；通过加强过程控制，综合考虑和权衡控制成本与收益，改善操作风险管理资源配置，提高我行运营效率；通过采取有效的风险控制和缓释措施，降低我行操作风险损失，提高控制能力和水平；通过审查和监督，满足各项外部监管要求，将法律及合规风险降至最低。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Tools and process of operational risk management	（一）操作风险管理工具及流程	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The tools of operational risk management at ICBC include but not limited to: business operation flowchart, operational risk and control self-assessment, key indicators of operational risk, management of significant operational risk incidents, loss data collection and management, scenario analysis, continuous operation and emergency management, measurement of regulatory capital and economic capital for operational risk, internal control assessment, disciplinary procedures and operational risk reporting.	工商银行的操作风险管理工具包括但不限于：业务操作流程图、操作风险与控制自我评估、关键操作风险指标、重大操作风险事件管理、损失数据采集和管理、情景分析、持续经营和应急管理、操作风险监管资本和经济资本的计量、内控评价、违规违纪行为处理、操作风险报告等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Tools of operational risk management apply to the total process of operational risk management.	操作风险管理工具应运用于操作风险管理全流程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The operational risk management process of ICBC shall include identification, assessment, control/mitigation, monitoring, measurement and reporting of operational risk.	工商银行的操作风险管理流程应包括操作风险识别、评估、控制/缓释、监测、计量、报告等环节。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Operational risk reporting	（二）操作风险报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Operational risk reporting at ICBC, subject to the principles of completeness, materiality, timeliness, regularity, accuracy and farsightedness, shall truthfully and completely reflect the operational risk profile of all business lines and institutions, reveal potential critical risks and provide effect improvement measures and suggestions.	工商银行的操作风险报告遵循全面性、重要性、及时性、规范性、准确性和前瞻性的原则，真实、全面反映各业务条线和所辖机构的操作风险状况，揭示潜在关键风险，提出有效的改进措施和建议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Operational risk reporting is classified into the report on operational risk management, the report on operational risk classification control, the report on operational risk in business lines, the specific operational risk report, the statistical analysis report on operational risk and the report on significant operational risk incidents.	操作风险报告包括以下六类：操作风险管理报告、操作风险分类控制报告、业务线操作风险报告、专题操作风险报告、操作风险统计分析报表和重大操作风险事件报告等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas branches and subsidiaries shall submit the report on operational risk management, the statistical analysis report on operational risk and the report on significant operational risk incidents as formal documents to the Head Office at required frequency.	各境外分行和境外附属机构应按照规定频率、以正式文件向总行报送操作风险管理报告、操作风险统计分析报表和重大操作风险事件报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Anti-money Laundering (AML)	四、反洗钱	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. International AML organizations and supervisory requirements	1.反洗钱国际组织及监管要求	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF), an inter-governmental body that coordinates, assesses and supervises AML control measures of member countries, was created in 1989 at the Paris Summit of leaders of the Group of Seven.	1989年，七国集团首脑在巴黎年度经济峰会上发起设立金融行动特别工作组（FATF），作为政府间协调、评估、监督成员国反洗钱控制措施的组织。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Subsequently, regional AML bodies were established in succession to promote AML worldwide, including the Asia/Pacific Group on Money Laundering (APG), the Caribbean Financial Action Task Force (CFATF) and the Eurasian Group on Combating Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (EAG).	随后，亚太反洗钱工作组（APG）、加勒比地区金融行动特别工作组（CFATF）、欧亚反洗钱和反恐融资小组（EAG）等区域性的反洗钱组织陆续成立，共同推动全球反洗钱工作开展。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As a founding member of EAG and a member of APG, China officially joined FATF in 2007.	我国是欧亚反洗钱与反恐怖融资组织（EAG）的创始成员国之一，亚太反洗钱组织（APG）成员国之一，并于2007年正式加入了金融行动特别工作组（FATF）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
At present, AML guidance documents generally accepted in the international community include the “40+9 Recommendations on money laundering and terrorist financing” issued by FATF, the Statement on Prevention of Criminal Use of the Banking System for the Purpose of Money Laundering issued by Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and recommendations released by regional AML bodies. These documents provide fundamental principles for national regulatory bodies to develop their national AML measures.	目前国际比较通用的反洗钱指导文件主要有FATF组织制定的“打击洗钱和恐怖融资的40+9项建议”、巴塞尔银行监管委员会发布的《关于防止犯罪分子利用银行系统洗钱的声明》等文件，以及各区域性反洗钱组织出台的工作建议，这些文件为各国监管机构制定本国反洗钱措施提供了基本原则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Directive on Prevention of the Use of the Financial System for the Purpose of Money Laundering (I, II and III) issued by EU is mandatory and shall be implemented by each member country.	其中，欧盟（EU）颁布的《欧盟关于防止利用金融系统洗钱的指令》（I、Ⅱ、Ⅲ）具有强制性，要求每个成员国家必须贯彻执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. AML supervisory requirements of China	2. 中国反洗钱监管要求	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Chinese government attaches great importance to AML. With reference to international standards and based on its national conditions, China established the basic legal, regulatory and organizational frameworks for AML and shaped a complete system of AML regulations.	中国政府高度重视反洗钱工作，参照国际标准，立足中国国情，确立了中国反洗钱法律、监管和组织机构的基本框架，建立起了较为完整的反洗钱制度体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
China made four amendments to the Criminal Law to expand the scope of upstream crimes of money laundering, issued judicial interpretations to define subjective elements of the money laundering crime and strengthened the punishment on money laundering activities.	中国先后四次修订《刑法》有关条款，扩大了洗钱罪的上游犯罪范围，并出台司法解释界定洗钱罪的主观要件，加大了对洗钱行为的处罚力度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In October 2006, the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China (“AML Law”) was promulgated to legislatively establish China's AML administration system and set forth AML obligations of financial institutions.	2006年10月，颁布了《中华人民共和国反洗钱法》，从法律上确立了中国反洗钱行政管理体制，明确了金融机构的反洗钱义务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To supplement the AML Law, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) released the Provisions on Anti-money Laundering of Financial Institutions, the Administrative Measures on the Reporting by Financial Institutions of Large-Value and Suspicious Transactions, the Administrative Measures on the Reporting by Financial Institutions of Suspicious Transactions Relating to Terrorist Financing and the Administrative Measures on Customer Identification and Retention of Customer Identity Data and Transaction Records by Financial Institutions (“One Law & Four Decrees”).	与《反洗钱法》配套，中国人民银行出台了《金融机构反洗钱规定》、《金融机构大额交易和可疑交易报告管理办法》、《金融机构报告涉嫌恐怖融资的可疑交易管理办法》和《金融机构客户身份识别和客户身份资料及交易记录保存管理办法》（以上简称“一法四令”）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
“One Law & Four Decrees” establish China's basic framework for AML work, set forth supervisory duties of PBOC in anti-money laundering activities and provide detailed provisions on customer identification and transaction record retention by financial institutions, reporting of large-value and suspicious transactions, reporting of suspicious transactions relating to terrorist financing.	“一法四令”基本构建了我国反洗钱工作的制度体系，明确了中国人民银行在反洗钱活动中的监督管理职责，并对金融机构客户身份识别和交易记录保存、大额和可疑交易报告、涉嫌恐怖融资的可疑交易报告等方面做出了具体的规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
POBC, a department of the State Council in charge of overseeing anti-money laundering, is mainly responsible for coordinating nationwide AML work, monitoring AML funds, developing AML policies and procedures for financial institutions, conducting supervisory inspection over the AML work of financial institutions and particular non-financial institutions, investigating suspicious transactions and providing collaboration in AML.	中国人民银行是国务院反洗钱行政主管部门，主要负责协调全国的反洗钱工作，负责反洗钱资金监测，制定金融机构反洗钱规章，监督检查金融机构及特定非金融机构的反洗钱工作，调查可疑交易，开展反洗钱协作等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Anti-Money Laundering Bureau is a body of PBOC in charge of coordinating nationwide AML work and developing AML rules and policies for financial institutions.	中国人民银行内设机构反洗钱局，负责承办组织协调国家反洗钱工作、研究和拟订金融机构反洗钱规则和政策等工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, PBOC has set up a body specializing in collection, analysis, monitoring and provision of AML information – China Anti-Money Laundering Monitoring and Analysis Center, a body in charge of centraLly collecting, collating and retaining large-value and suspicious transaction reports submitted by financial institutions.	此外，人民银行还设立了专门收集、分析、监测和提供反洗钱情报的机构——中国反洗钱监测分析中心，负责统一收集、整理和保存金融机构报送的大额与可疑交易报告等工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. AML risk of overseas institutions	3.境外分支机构反洗钱工作的风险	sample1-en-sample1-zh
AML deficiencies of overseas institutions may lead to losses and negative impact on their own business operations, but also hurt business expansion of the parent company and may result in serious consequences, like financial loss, reputational loss and shareholder value loss.	境外机构如在反洗钱工作上存在缺陷，不仅可能为本机构的业务经营带来损失和负面影响，也不利于母公司业务的拓展，可能造成财务损失、声誉损失、股东价值损失等严重后果。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In recent years, Citibank (Japan), Lloyds Bank, Credit Suisse Group, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI) and the US-based Wachovia and J.P. Morgan were punished (in the form of financial service restrictions or huge fines) by regulators in the host jurisdictions due to involvement in money laundering or inadequate AML efforts.	近年来，就有花旗银行（日本）、劳埃德银行、瑞士信贷集团、苏格兰皇家银行、国际信贷商业银行(BCCI)，以及美国本土的美联银行和摩根大通等银行因参与洗钱活动或反洗钱工作不力受到属地监管机构给予的限制金融服务或巨额经济罚款等处罚。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. AML work at ICBC and AML requirements on overseas institutions	（二）工商银行反洗钱工作情况及境外机构反洗钱工作要求	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. AML efforts of ICBC and achievement	1.工商银行反洗钱工作开展情况及成效	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With regard to the organizational framework, ICBC has an AML Leadership Group at the Head Office level that is in charge of the group-wide AML work and headed by the Bank’s executive overseeing AML work.	在组织体系建设方面，工商银行在总行层面设立了反洗钱领导小组，统一领导集团反洗钱工作，由分管反洗钱工作的行领导任组长。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The AML Leadership Group’s Office, set up in the Internal Control & Compliance Department, is responsible for leading the bank-wide AML work.	总行反洗钱领导小组办公室设在内控合规部，负责牵头全行反洗钱工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The AML Leadership Group comprises five specialized AML groups (corporate banking, personal banking, international banking, E-banking and bank card) that are headed by the Operation Management Department, the Personal Banking Department, the International Banking Department, the E-banking Department and the Bank Card Business Department of the Head Office, respectively.	领导小组下设对公、个人、国际业务、电子银行、银行卡业务5个反洗钱专业小组，分别由总行运行管理部、个人金融业务部、国际业务部、电子银行部、银行卡业务部牵头负责。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has preliminarily shaped up the organizational structure for AML, in which the AML Leadership Group is the governing body, the Internal Control & Compliance Department is the lead department, functional departments are main participants and outlets are the foundation.	工商银行已初步形成了以反洗钱领导小组为领导机构、内控合规部门为牵头部门、各职能部门为主体、营业网点为基础的反洗钱组织体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With regard to regulations, ICBC has put in place a relatively complete set of internal control policies and procedures for AML. The Anti-Money Laundering Policy, the Measures on Reporting of Large-value and Suspicious Transactions and the Provisional Measures on Customer Risk Classification Management were promulgated; the AML operating procedures for personal banking, corporate banking, E-banking and bank card segments were issued.	在制度规范方面，工商银行建立了较为完善的反洗钱内控制度体系，先后出台了《反洗钱规定》、《大额交易和可疑交易报告管理办法》、《客户风险分类管理暂行办法》等反洗钱管理制度；印发了个人、对公、电子银行、银行卡等专业的反洗钱内部操作规程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With regard to IT supports, ICBC developed a proprietary AML monitoring system that maintains real-time monitoring of suspicious transactions that meet supervisory criteria on suspicious transaction identification or are manually detected. All suspicious transactions identified will be reported to PBOC on the basis of “head office to head office”.	在系统支持方面，工商银行自主研发了反洗钱监控系统，对满足监管规定可疑识别标准的和人工发现的可疑交易进行实时监控，并按照“总对总”模式统一向人行报送。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The R&D and launch of the global special control list processing system and the overseas AML monitoring system are facilitated to provide IT supports for enhancing the Group’s ability to prevent the risk of money laundering and terrorist financing.	推动全球特别控制名单处理系统及境外反洗钱监控系统中的研发和投产，为强化集团防范洗钱与恐怖融资风险能力提供系统支持。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With regard to AML publicity and training, ICBC carries out the AML Awareness Week, the AML Awareness Month and other publicity programs in accordance with requirements of regulators.	在反洗钱宣传培训方面，工商银行按照各级监管部门要求，积极开展反洗钱宣传周、宣传月等活动。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A sustainable mechanism for AML training is in place to enhance work skills of the Management and first-line staff.	建立反洗钱培训长效机制，提高自管理层到一线员工的工作技能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Certified Anti-money Laundering Specialist (CAMS) certification program was introduced and promoted to improve the competency of employees working in AML roles.	引入并推进国际公认反洗钱师（CAMS）资质认证，提高反洗钱岗位人员素质。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With regard to cooperation in AML supervision, ICBC adequately implements requirements of regulators and has been publicly commended by regulators many times for its outstanding performance in assisting in AML regulatory investigation and reporting suspicious transactions.	在反洗钱监管合作方面，认真落实监管机构的工作要求，在协助反洗钱行政调查、报送可疑交易线索等方面效果显著，多次受到监管部门的通报表扬。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. AML requirements on overseas institutions	2.境外机构反洗钱工作要求	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions of ICBC shall carry out AML work in accordance with supervisory standards of China or the host countries (regions), whichever are more stringent.	工商银行的各境外机构按照中国及驻在国家（地区）监管标准孰严的原则开展各项反洗钱工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Improving the management mechanism and organizational structure for AML.	（1）健全反洗钱管理机制和组织架构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Roles and responsibilities in the AML department shall be defined to ensure independence of the AML department’s work. Internal and external reporting duties of all departments shall be clearly set forth. The Board of Directors and the Management shall have knowledge of institution-wide significant AML matters.	明确界定反洗钱部门工作职责以及岗位职责，确保反洗钱部门工作的独立性；明晰各部门的反洗钱事项内、外部报告职责，董事会和管理层须知悉本机构的反洗钱重要工作事项。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Improving the internal control framework for AML.	（2）完善反洗钱内控制度体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The institutional policies and procedures for AML and counter-terrorist financing shall be fully reviewed and improved or revised in a timely manner to reflect any changes in the supervisory requirements of China and host countries (regions) as well as regulations and systems of the Head Office.	全面梳理本机构的反洗钱和反恐怖融资管理制度，及时按照中国及驻在国家（地区）监管要求、以及总行制度和系统建设的变更进行完善、修订。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Creating the AML reporting and crisis/incident management mechanism for overseas institutions.	（3）建立境外机构反洗钱报告及危机事件管理机制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Within five working days following the end of each half year, each overseas institution shall submit an AML work report to the Head Office for that half-year period.	在每半年结束后的5个工作日内，向总行提交报告日前半年的本机构反洗钱工作情况报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
AML crisis/incident disposition shall be included in the institutional contingency plan. If any major AML risk incident (lawsuit, dispute, regulatory punishment or media coverage) takes place, timely measures shall be taken in response in accordance with requirements of the Head Office.	将反洗钱危机事件处置纳入机构应急预案体系，遇有反洗钱重大风险事件（被诉、纠纷、监管处罚或媒体披露等）时，按总行规定及时采取应对措施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(4) Accelerating the effort to create an integrated AML application system for domestic and overseas institutions.	（4）加快建设境内外一体化的反洗钱应用系统平台。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions shall carry out system requirements survey, launch and operation in accordance with the Head Office’s plan for the integrated AML application system for domestic and overseas institutions, promote and apply the global special control list processing system on a full-scale basis and meet AML and CTF risk prevention and control objectives under the Group’s uniform rules.	配合总行境内外一体化反洗钱应用系统规划，做好本机构的系统需求调研、运行投产等工作；全面推广应用全球特别控制名单处理系统，实现集团统一规则下的反洗钱和反恐怖融资风险防控目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(5) Strengthening AML training and specialist development.	（5）加强反洗钱培训和专家队伍培养。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions shall provide training to staff at different levels and in different roles, strengthen trainee examination, ensure all their employees acknowledge in writing their awareness of laws, regulations and personal responsibility relating to AML and ensure AML compliance personnel possess AML skills.	针对不同层次、不同岗位人员组织开展培训，加大培训考核力度，并确保本机构所有员工必须书面确认知晓反洗钱法律法规和个人责任，确保反洗钱合规人员了解和掌握反洗钱专业技能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(6) Stepping up the supervisory inspection of AML work.	（6）加大对反洗钱工作的监督检查力度。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions shall conduct multi-tiered, well-focused AML self-inspection and take effective actions to correct problems detected in any external inspections.	分层次、有重点地开展反洗钱自我检查，对各类外部检查发现的问题切实落实整改。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Six Audit Management of Overseas Institutions	第六节 境外机构审计管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Overview of Internal Audit at ICBC	一、工商银行内部审计基本情况	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit system of ICBC, born with the founding of the joint-stock company, evolves as the Bank’s corporate governance mechanism improves.	工商银行的内部审计体系伴随着我行股份公司的成立而诞生，伴随着我行公司治理机制的完善而发展。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Since the internal audit system was officially established in 2004, audit activities have been effectively carried out in risk management, internal control and corporate governance of the Bank, the quality and capability of auditing has improved significantly and the specialization and professionalism in auditing have been enhanced rapidly. An internal audit system with unique ICBC characteristics is becoming full-fledged and functioning effectively.	2004年底正式组建至今，在全行风险管理、内部控制和公司治理等各领域开展了有效的审计活动，审计质量和审计能力长足进步，审计专业化和职业化水平快速提升，富有工商银行特色的内部审计体系已趋成熟并有效运作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Governance framework	（一）治理架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Organizational structure.	组织体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Internal Audit Bureau is set up in the Head Office and 10 internal audit sub-bureaus are established in 10 key cities.	总行设内部审计局，在全国10个重点城市设10个内审分局。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The staff, compensation, financial affairs, training and audit activities in the internal audit system are centrally managed by the Head Office. Each internal audit sub-bureau is responsible for supervisory inspection of four to five branches. Internal audit sub-bureaus do not audit the branches in places where they are located and do not participate in operating or managerial activities, fully isolated from operation and management.	内审系统的人员、薪酬、财务、培训和审计活动等总行统一管理，各内审分局负责４-５家分行的监督检查工作，不审计驻地分行，不参与经营管理活动，与经营管理实行完全的利益隔离。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Reporting line.	报告路径。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit reports to the Board of Directors, accepts supervision, inspection and assessment from the Audit Committee, accepts guidance from the Board of Supervisors and provides feedback to the Management on significant audit information.	内部审计向董事会负责并报告工作，接受审计委员会的监督、检查和评价，接受监事会的工作指导，向管理层提供反馈重要审计信息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit carries out audit activities under the valid authorization delegated by the Board of Directors, serves as supervisory resources for the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee to effectively perform the fiduciary duty and works with relevant parties to safeguard the effectivenesS of governance while performing their respective duties.	内部审计获得董事会的有效授权开展审计活动，作为董事会及其审计委员会有效履行受托责任的监督资源，与相关各方各司其职，共同维护治理成效。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Roles and functions	（二）职能定位	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Conducting risk-oriented internal audit.	实行以风险为导向的内部审计。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Separated from the original compliance inspection function, internal audit has shifted from account compliance check focused on error detection and correction to risk-oriented risk management audit aimed at value adding, from audit of individual cases or places to bank-wide supervisory assessment of systemic, overall and strategic risks and from post-event investigation and correction to risk analysis and assessment before and during an event and predictive early warning.	从原先的合规性检查职能中脱离出来，由查错纠弊为主的账项合规检查，转向以风险为导向、以增值为目的风险管理审计；由一事一地个案问题的稽核检查，转向对全行系统性、全局性、机制性、战略性风险的监督评价；由事后对问题的查纠，转向事中与事前的风险分析评估与预见预警。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Performing two functions.	履行两项职能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit of ICBC mainly performs two functions: assuring and advising.	工商银行内部审计主要履行确认和咨询两大职能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit of ICBC, as the third line of defense in the Bank’s risk control system, is a relatively independent system of supervision. With a high supervisory tier and an overarching audit perspective, the internal audit’s main responsibility is assuring and assessing adequacy and effectiveness of corporate governance, risk management and internal control of the Bank, assuring and assessing overall, systematic and strategic risks and the efficiency and effectiveness of strategic decision execution and providing pertinent and farsighted audit opinions and recommendations.	工商银行内部审计在全行的风险管控体系中处于第三道防线，是一套相对独立的监督系统，其监督层次高，审计视角综合，主要职责是确认和评价全行公司治理、风险管理和内部控制的充分性和有效性，确认和评价全局性、系统性、战略性风险及战略决策执行的效率与效果，提出有针对性、前瞻性的审计意见和建议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Adhering to the principle of objectivity and prudence, internal audit has expanded from the assuring function alone to the advising function.	内部审计在坚持客观审慎原则的前提下，已由完全的确认职能，扩展到了咨询的职能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Serving three areas and diverse auditing.	服务三大领域，审计内容多元。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal audit at ICBC is wide-ranging to cover risk management, internal control and corporate governance of the Bank and address both domestic and overseas, off-balance-sheet and on-balance-sheet, traditional and innovative as well as bank-wide and group-wide activities. It can consolidate information of all departments, fields and stakeholders in corporate governance to identify and judge risks and provide recommendations at a higher level and from a more overarching perspective.	工商银行内部审计的工作领域宽泛，涉及全行风险管理、内部控制和公司治理各个领域，境内与境外、表内与表外、传统与创新、全行与集团等各领域均涉足，可以整合各部门、各领域和各治理方的信息，从更高层次和更加综合的视角去识别、判断风险，提出审计建议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The scope of internal audit has been expanded over years, gradually from such traditional fields as bank-wide credit, finance and IT to group-wide assessment of internal control assessment, assessment of consolidated management and efficiency of strategy execution. A wide array of audit approaches and forms, including specialized audit, assessment, survey and off-site audit, are employed to perform audit functions effectively and meet various needs of all stakeholders in corporate governance.	内部审计的工作领域逐年扩大，逐步由全行信贷、财务、IT等传统业务领域扩展到集团的内部控制评价、并表管理评价、战略执行效率等领域，通过专项审计、审计评价、审计调研、非现场审计等多种方式和途径，深入有效地履行了审计职能，满足了公司各治理相关方的多种需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Methodology and techniques	（三）方法技术	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Off-site audit techniques.	非现场审计技术。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Advanced IT platforms are employed to create risk analysis methods suitable for the Bank’s specific conditions, assemble the off-site analysis team and shape the audit analysis and reporting system, thereby enabling day-to-day analysis and ongoing monitoring of main services and products of the Bank and meeting the objectives of “Remote Screening, Accurate Targeting and Effective Audit”.	利用先进的信息系统平台，建立符合我行实际的风险分析方法，组建非现场分析队伍，形成审计分析报告体系，实现了对全行主要业务、产品的日常分析和持续监测，达到“远程排查、精确制导、有效审计”的目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Specialized core techniques.	专业核心技术。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A range of specialized core techniques for internal audit has gradually taken shape, including the internal control assessment and analysis technique, the risk analysis and assessment technique, the risk heat mapping technique and the audit results rating technique. In addition, such conventional techniques as sampling assessment, walk-through test, interview technique, modeling technique and computer-aided audit technique are widely applied in audit activities to increase efficiency and ensure quality of auditing.	内部审计所特有的内部控制评价分析技术、风险分析评估技术和风险热图构制技术以及审计结果评级技术等核心专业技术逐步形成；同时，一些常规技术如抽样评估、穿行测试、访谈技术、建模技术、以及计算机辅助审计技术等在审计活动中广泛运用，提高了审计效能，保证了审计质量。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IT systems and data platforms.	信息系统和数据平台。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The business information system and the management information system (AM2009) for internal control effectively support off-site audit and analysis, preliminarily enabling total-process control and real-time management of audit activities. 	内部审计的业务信息系统和管理信息系统(AM2009)，有效支持了非现场审计分析活动的开展，初步实现了对审计业务的全过程控制和实时管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Internal Audit System Applicable to Overseas Institutions	二、适用于境外机构的内部审计制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In recent years, the Internal Audit Bureau has issued the Audit Procedures for Overseas Institutions and the Standards for Internal Audit Services of Overseas Institutions to regulate internal audit work of overseas institutions of ICBC, promote internal audit standards across overseas institutions and comprehensively enhance the service capacity of internal audit.	近年来，内审局通过印发《境外机构审计办法》及《境外机构内部审计服务工作规范》，规范工商银行境外机构内部审计工作，在境外机构层面推广内部审计工作标准，全面提升内部审计的服务能力。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Internal audit charter of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited	（一）中国工商银行股份有限公司内部审计章程	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to improve corporate governance, enhance internal control and optimize the internal audit system, the Internal Audit Bureau formulated the internal audit charter in accordance with the Guidelines on Internal Audit for Banking Financial Institutions promulgated by CBRC, the International Professional Practices Framework promulgated by the Institute of Internal Auditors, China Internal Auditing Standards promulgated by the China Institute of Internal Audit and the Articles of Association of Indusial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, having regard to particular conditions of ICBC. The internal audit charter, comprising eight chapters divided into 53 articles, sets forth basic requirements and provisions on the objectives, organizational structure, powers and duties, reporting procedure, quality control and assessment and accountability in connection with internal audit at ICBC.	为完善公司治理，加强内部控制，健全内部审计体系，内审局依据中国银行业监督管理委员会《银行业金融机构内部审计指引》、国际内部审计师协会《内部审计专业实务框架》、中国内部审计协会《中国内部审计准则》以及《中国工商银行股份有限公司章程》，结合工商银行实际，制定了内部审计章程，对工商银行内部审计的目标、组织体系、职责权限、报告制度、质量控制以及考核问责作出的基本要求和规定，共八章五十三条。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Definition of internal audit	1.内部审计定义	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal audit refers to independent and objective supervision, assessment and advising activities inside ICBC aimed at inspecting, evaluating and improving bank-wide effectiveness of operating activities, risk management, internal control and corporate governance using systematic and standardized approaches and fulfilling the development strategy and business management objectives of the Bank.	内部审计是工商银行内部独立、客观的监督、评价与咨询活动，通过系统化、规范化的方法，检查评价并改善全行经营活动、风险管理、内部控制和公司治理效果，促进全行发展战略和经营管理目标的实现。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Objectives of internal audit	2.内部审计工作目标	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal audit serves the Board of Directors. Its objectives are to:	内部审计服务于董事会，其工作目标是：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Cause to be implemented the economic and financial laws, regulations, policies of the State, rules and standards of regulatory bodies as well as policies and procedures of ICBC;	促进国家经济金融法律法规、方针政策、监管部门规章和工商银行各项规章制度的贯彻执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Provide opinions and recommendations on the effectiveness of risk management, internal control and corporate governance within the Bank’s risk management framework and cause risks to be controlled at an acceptable level;	在全行风险管理框架内，对风险管理、内部控制和公司治理效果提出意见和建议，促使风险控制在可接受水平。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Cause to be improved the Bank’s business operations and management activities and increase the value of ICBC.	促进全行各项业务运营与管理活动的改善，增加工商银行价值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Independent and vertical audit department	3.独立垂直的审计部门	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC sets up the internal audit department on an independent and vertical basis that reports to the Board of Directors, accepts guidance from the Board of Supervisors and accepts inspection, supervision and assessment by the Audit Committee.	工商银行设立独立、垂直的内部审计部门，向董事会负责并报告工作，接受监事会的指导，接受审计委员会的检查、监督和评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Responsibilities of internal audit department	4.内部审计部门职责	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit department shall perform the following responsibilities:	内部审计部门应履行以下职责：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supervise and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of procedures and techniques for risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting;	监督、评价风险识别、计量、监测、控制、报告程序及技术的适用性和有效性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supervise and evaluate the soundness and effectiveness of the internal control system;	监督、评价内部控制体系的健全性和有效性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supervise and evaluate the effectiveness of corporate governance procedures;	监督、评价公司治理程序的有效性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supervise and evaluate the security of IT systems and IT control activities;	监督、评价信息系统的安全性，信息科技控制活动的有效性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supervise and evaluate the efficiency and effectiveness of financial and operational management and protection of assets;	监督、评价财务及经营管理的效率和效果，各项资产的保护情况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Supervise and evaluate the duty performance by persons in charge of key positions;	监督、评价重要岗位负责人履职情况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Coordinate audit inspections conducted over ICBC by financial regulators, audit authorities, non-governmental audit agencies and other external organizations in China;	协调国家金融监管部门、审计机关及社会审计机构等外部单位对工商银行开展的审计检查工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Properly carry out engagement, re-engagement or replacement of the accounting firm for ICBC in accordance with requirements of the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee; and	按照董事会及其审计委员会的要求，做好工商银行会计师事务所的聘请、续聘或改聘的事务性工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Other items of work required by the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee.	董事会及其审计委员会要求的其他工作事项。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Scope of application of rules and regulations	5.规章适用范围	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Parent companies and their subsidiaries within ICBC Group shall accept audit, supervision and assessment by the internal audit department of ICBC in accordance with the internal audit charter. 	工商银行集团范围内的母公司及其控制的附属机构均应依照本章程规定接受工商银行内部审计部门的审计监督评价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Internal audit procedures for overseas institutions	（二）境外机构内部审计办法	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate internal audit work of overseas institutions of ICBC, the internal audit procedures for overseas institutions were formulated in accordance with the Guidelines on Internal Audit for Banking Financial Institutions promulgated by CBRC, the Articles of Association of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited and the Internal Audit Charter of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited.	为规范工商银行境外机构内部审计工作，依据中国银监会《银行业金融机构内部审计指引》、《中国工商银行股份有限公司章程》、《中国工商银行股份有限公司内部审计章程》以及其他相关规定，制定境外机构内部审计办法。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These procedures comprise eight chapters divided into 38 articles, including general provisions, organizational structure, duties and powers, scope of audit, audit procedures, quality control, audit report and supplementary provisions.	《办法》共分为八章三十八条，由总则、组织管理、职责与权限、审计范围、审计程序、质量控制、审计报告和附则组成。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Objectives of internal audit of overseas institutions	1.境外机构内部审计工作的目标	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To promote compliance of overseas institutions with laws, regulations and policies of China and host countries or regions, regulators’ requirements and the rules and procedures of ICBC;	促进境外机构贯彻执行我国和所在国(地区)相关经济金融法律法规、方针政策、监管机构规章以及工商银行各项规章制度；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To give opinions and recommendations on risk management, internal control and corporate governance of overseas institutions, and help control their risks at an acceptance level;	对境外机构的风险管理、内部控制和公司治理效果提出意见和建议，促使其将风险控制在可接受的水平；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To facilitate improvement in business operations and management activities of overseas institutions, increase value and fulfill strategic development and management objectives.	促进境外机构各项业务运营与管理活动的改善，增加价值,实现战略发展与经营管理目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Principles of internal audit of overseas institutions:	2.境外机构内部审计工作原则 独立性原则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Independence - Audit work shall be independent of all business activities it supervises, inspects and evaluates;	审计工作应独立于其监督、检查、评价的各项业务活动； 客观性原则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Objectivity - Audit work shall avoid any potential or emergence of conflicts of interest or bias to ensure objective and unbiased audit;	审计工作应避免潜在的或已经出现的利益冲突或偏见，以保持审计的客观公正；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Continuity - Conduct continuous on-site and off-site audits of overseas institutions through collecting main business data and information disclosed by external auditors and regulators;	持续性原则。 通过采集主要业务数据、外部审计和监管机构披露的各种信息，对境外机构开展持续非现场和现场审计工作；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Type-specific management - Provide internal audit management and guidance specific to different types of overseas institutions.	分类管理原则。 对不同类型境外机构的内部审计工作实施分类管理与指导。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Overseas branches’ responsibilities relating to internal audit	3.境外分行履行内部审计的相关职责	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas branches’ responsibilities relating to internal audit mainly include the following:	境外分行履行内部审计的相关职责主要包括：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Take charge of recruitment, compensation and administration of internal auditors;	负责内部审计人员的招聘、薪酬和行政管理；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Assist domestic and overseas regulators, external auditors and the Internal Audit Bureau in audit inspection;	配合境内外监管机构、外部审计和内部审计局的审计检查工作；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Rectify issues detected in audits and supervisory inspections;	落实审计和监管检查中所发现问题的整改工作；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Hear reports from internal auditors on day-to-day compliance inspection.	听取内部审计人员对日常合规性检查情况的报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Responsibilities of the internal audit department (staff) of overseas branches	4.境外分行内部审计部门(人员)的职责	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Responsibilities of the internal audit department (staff) of overseas branches mainly include the following:	境外分行内部审计部门(人员)的职责主要包括：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Independently conduct audits under the leadership of the Internal Audit Bureau without taking the responsibility for designing internal control processes, initiating or approving business matters or performing any other business management functions;	在内部审计局领导下，独立开展审计工作，不应承担设计内部控制流程、发起或批准业务事项等经营管理职能；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Conduct institution-wide risk assessment, develop the annual audit plan for overseas branches, solicit opinion from the branch management and submit the plan to the Internal Audit Bureau for approval;	对所在机构开展风险评估，制定境外分行年度审计计划，征求境外分行管理层意见，报内部审计局审批；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Implement the annual audit plan, submit audit results to the Internal Audit Bureau and report to the branch management on audit results; Promptly report to the Internal Audit Bureau on any matter that may seriously affect fulfillment of its objectives;	组织实施年度审计工作计划，并将审计工作结果报送内部审计局，并向管理层汇报。 如遇可能严重影响其目标实现的重要事项应及时报告内部审计局；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Promptly report to the Internal Audit Bureau on any inspection requirements of regulators in host countries (regions) and external auditors, the conduct and results of domestic and overseas supervisory inspections as well as the conduct and results of external audits and report to branch management on the same;	及时将所在国(地区)监管机构和外部审计的检查要求、境内外监管检查情况和结果、外部审计情况和结果报送内部审计局，并向所在分行管理层汇报；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Communicate with regulators in accordance with supervisory requirements in host countries (regions).	按照所在国(地区)监管要求，与监管机构进行沟通与交流。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Overseas subsidiaries’ responsibilities relating to internal audit	5.境外附属机构履行内部审计的相关职责	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas subsidiaries’ responsibilities relating to internal audit mainly include the following:	境外附属机构履行内部审计的相关职责主要包括：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Set up independent internal audit roles or departments and provide necessary audit resources;	设立独立的内部审计部门或岗位，配备必要的审计资源；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Cooperate with domestic and overseas regulators, external auditors and the Internal Audit Bureau in their audit inspections;	配合境内外监管机构、外部审计和内部审计局的审计检查工作；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Implement audit findings and rectify problems detected in supervisory inspections;	落实审计发现和监管检查发现问题的整改工作；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Invite Internal Audit Bureau representatives to audit committee meetings as non-voting attendees.	邀请内部审计局列席审计委员会相关会议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. Responsibilities of internal audit departments (staff) of overseas subsidiaries	6.境外附属机构内部审计部门(人员)的职责	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Responsibilities of internal audit departments (staff) of overseas subsidiaries mainly include the following:	境外附属机构内部审计部门(人员)的职责主要包括：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Independently conduct audits in accordance with supervisory requirements and internal audit standards and report on their work to the board of directors (audit committee) of their institution;	按照监管要求和内部审计准则独立开展审计工作，向所在机构董事会(审计委员会)报告工作；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
File with the Internal Audit Bureau the annual audit plan approved by the board of directors (audit committee) of their institution;	及时将经所在机构董事会(审计委员会)批准的年度审计计划报内部审计局备案；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Implement the annual audit plan, file audit results with the Internal Audit Bureau, and promptly communicate with the Internal Audit Bureau on significant matters that may seriously affect fulfillment of their objectives;	组织实施年度审计工作计划，并将审计工作结果报送内部审计局备案，如遇可能严重影响其目标实现的重要事项应及时与内部审计局沟通；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Promptly file with the Internal Audit Bureau any inspection requirements of regulators in host countries (regions) and external auditors, the conduct and results of domestic and overseas supervisory inspections as well as the conduct and results of external audits;	及时将所在国(地区)监管机构和外部审计的检查要求、境内外监管检查情况和结果、外部审计情况和结果报送内部审计局备案；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Communicate with regulators in host countries (regions) in accordance with supervisory requirements in these host countries or regions;	按照所在国(地区)监管要求，与所在国(地区)监管机构进行沟通与交流；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Accept guidance from the Internal Audit Bureau.	接受内部审计局的业务指导。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
7. Internal Audit Bureau’s management of overseas institutions	7.内部审计局对境外机构的管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Internal Audit Bureau, under leadership of the Board of Directors of ICBC, performs the duty of auditing overseas institutions and manages and guides internal audit of overseas institutions.	内部审计局在工商银行董事会领导下，履行境外机构审计职责，管理和指导境外机构内部审计工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With regard to overseas branches, the Internal Audit Bureau is responsible for carrying out vertical management to their internal audit work with a view of ensuring independence and effectiveness of internal audit;	对境外分行，内部审计局负责对其内部审计工作在业务上实行垂直管理，以保持内部审计工作的独立性和有效性；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With regard to overseas subsidiaries, the Internal Audit Bureau is responsible for providing guidance on their internal audit work with a view of enhancing their risk control capacity.	对境外附属机构，内部审计局负责对其内部审计工作进行业务指导，促进其风险控制能力的提升。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Audit Product System of Overseas Institutions	三、境外机构审计产品体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal audit of domestic and overseas institutions mainly includes the following six product lines.	境内外机构内部审计主要包括以下六大产品线。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Audit assessment of internationalization strategy execution	（一）国际化战略执行情况审计评价	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The audit assessment of internationalization strategy execution focuses on the implementation of the internationalization strategy by overseas institutions. It is mainly to objectively evaluate the clarity of objectives and direction of the internationalization strategy, collaboration with domestic institutions and progress of the cross-border Renminbi drive and promote steady improvements in international operating results of the Group.	国际化战略执行情况审计评价，重点关注境外机构落实国际化战略的执行情况，主要从国际化战略目标是否清晰、方向是否明确、境外机构内外联动工作的开展、跨境人民币的进程等方面客观评价境外机构国际化战略的执行情况，促进集团国际化经营业绩的稳步提升。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This audit product applies to all overseas branches and subsidiaries.	这一审计产品适用于所有境外分行和境外附属机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Internal control assessment	（二）内部控制评价	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal control assessment of overseas institutions refers to comprehensive assessment of the effectiveness of corporate governance, processes and IT control of overseas institutions that are conducted by the internal control assessment department of ICBC.	境外机构的内部控制评价，是指工商银行内部控制评价部门对境外机构公司治理、流程和信息科技控制有效性所进行的综合评估活动。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This audit product applies to all overseas branches and subsidiaries.	适用于所有境外分行和境外附属机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Operation management audit	（三）经营管理审计	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Operation management audit focuses on the operations and risk management of domestic and overseas institutions. It principally applies to overseas branches.	经营管理审计，主要关注境内外机构的经营与风险管理情况，主要适用于境外分行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It is to objectively evaluate how well overseas institutions fulfill their business and development objectives, including the size of business and development, accomplishment of core targets, collaboration between overseas and domestic institutions and market share, provide recommendations on improvements and cause overseas institutions to achieve their business objectives.	从经营发展的规模、核心指标的完成、内外联动的开展、同业市场的占比等方面，客观评价境外机构经营发展目标的完成情况，提出改进建议，促进境外机构实现经营目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. M&A audit	（四）并购整合审计	sample1-en-sample1-zh
M&A audit refers to assessment of measures taken by the M&A team of ICBC, relevant departments’ post-M&A integrated management of subsidiaries and post-M&A corporate governance and development strategy, risk management and internal control, operation and cultural integration of subsidiaries. It is to reveal potential risk in integration, cause ICBC and its subsidiaries to take reasonable measures and successfully meet M&A objectives.	并购整合审计是指，从工商银行并购整合团队采取的措施、相关部门对附属机构并购后的整合管理情况、并购后附属机构的公司治理与发展战略、风险管理与内部控制、经营情况、文化融合等方面进行评价，揭示整合过程中的潜在风险，促进工商银行及附属机构采取合理措施，顺利实现并购目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This audit product applies to overseas subsidiaries.	适用于境外附属机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Consolidated management audit	（五）并表管理审计	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Consolidated management audit means assessment of the environment of consolidated management, elements of consolidated management, capital adequacy ratios, large-value risk exposures and inside transactions for the purpose of implementing the CBRC audit requirements regarding group-wide consolidated management and maintaining ongoing monitoring of risk management in group-wide consolidated management. It is to objectively reflect ICBC’s current situation of group-wide consolidated management, reveal potential effects of subsidiary risks on the business safety of ICBC and cause group-wide consolidated management to improve continuously.	并表管理审计是指，为落实银监会对集团并表管理审计的要求，持续关注集团并表管理风险管理，从并表管理环境、并表管理内容、资本充足率、大额风险暴露、内部交易等方面进行评价，客观反映工商银行在集团范围内实施并表管理的现状，揭示附属机构风险对工商银行运营安全的潜在影响，促进集团并表管理工作的不断完善。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This audit product applies to overseas subsidiaries.	适用于境外附属机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vi. Overseas institution executive term-end audit	（六）境外机构高管人员离任审计	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institution executive term-end audit (“term-end audit”) means independent review, assurance and assessment of the in-tenure performance of duties (including business management activities, internal control management and developments of the business in their charge) by executives of overseas institutions who leave their current roles. It is conducted by the Internal Audit Bureau in accordance with the Term-end Audit Procedures for Senior Management (G.Y.F. [2009] No. 13) after receipt of the notice of term-end audit given by the Human Resources Department of the Head Office.	境外机构高管人员离任审计(以下简称“离任审计”)是指境外机构高级管理人员离开现任工作职位时，针对其任职期内履行职责的情况(包括经营管理行为、内控管理、分管业务发展状况等)所进行的独立审查、鉴证和评价的活动，是内部审计局(以下简称“内审局”)接到总行人力资源部下发的离任审计通知书后，依据《高级管理人员离任审计办法》(工银发[2009]13号)所进行的审计工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Senior management members of all institutions shall accept term-end audit prior to any promotion, transfer, removal, resignation and retirement. 	各级机构高级管理人员在办理提任、调任、转任、免职、辞职、退休等事项前，应当接受离任审计。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Audit Methodology and Techniques for Overseas Institutions	四、境外机构审计方法技术	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Risk assessment	（一）风险评估	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To achieve its strategic and business objectives, a bank has to take risks.	为了实现战略目标和经营目标，银行需要承担相应的风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To mitigate, reduce, spread and transfer risk, appropriate internal controls and reasonable risk management must be put in place to control risk within an acceptable level.	为了规避、减少、分散与转移风险，必须采取适当的内部控制措施和进行科学的风险管理，将风险控制在可接受的范围内。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Model for audit risk assessment	1.审计风险评估模型	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit department is responsible for independently supervising the effectiveness of risk management and internal control of the Bank and providing a reasonable assurance for meeting overall objectives of the Bank.	内部审计部门负责独立地监督银行风险管理和内部控制的有效性，为银行整体目标的实现提供合理保障。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To ensure reasonable and effective allocation of internal audit resources, the internal audit department shall conduct internal audit based on identifying the Bank’s high-risk areas of business and weaknesses of internal control.	为了确保内部审计资源配置的合理性、有效性，内部审计部门需要在识别银行业务的高风险领域和内部控制薄弱环节的基础上，开展内部审计。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Therefore, the audit risk assessment mainly includes assessing the business risk levels and internal controls of the Bank.	因此，对银行业务风险的高低和内部控制情况进行评估构成了审计风险评估的主要内容。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The theoretical model for audit risk assessment may be expressed as follows:	审计风险评估的理论模型可以用以下公式表示：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Inherent risk = probability of risk × impact of risk	固有风险 = 风险发生可能性×风险影响程度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Residual risk = inherent risk (1－effectiveness of control)	剩余风险 = 固有风险× (1－控制有效性)	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Framework for audit risk assessment framework	2.审计风险评估框架	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Audit universe and risk universe constitute the foundation for audit risk assessment.	审计单元与风险宇宙构成了审计风险评估的基础。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
An audit universe refers to a complete product of the audited entity. It is the basic object in internal audit and audit risk assessment and the foundation for audit risk assessment.	审计单元是指被审计机构中一个完整的产品，是开展内部审计工作和审计风险评估的基本对象，是审计风险评估工作的基础。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Each audit universe is defined to have clear intent and extent and independently auditable.	每一个被定义出的审计单元均具有明确的内涵和外延并可以单独进行审计。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The intent of audit universe means the properties of audit universe, including identifiable risk factors and relatively independent control system; the extent of audit universe means the scope of institutions and businesses covered by audit universe.	其中，审计单元的内涵是指审计单元具备的性质，包括可识别的风险因素和相对独立的控制系统；审计单元的外延是指审计单元应具有的机构范围和业务范围。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Risk universe refers to the set of risks present in institutions and businesses of a bank.	风险宇宙是指存在于银行各个机构以及各类业务之中的风险集合。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Whom and what to be assessed, i.e. audit universe and risk universe, must be identified before audit risk assessment is conducted.	在明确了对谁进行评估和对哪些内容进行评估，即在明确了审计单元与风险宇宙的基础上，方可开展审计风险评估。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Audit sampling	（二）审计抽样	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Role and significance of audit sampling	1.审计抽样的意义和作用	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to effectively perform internal audit functions, avoid major omissions in internal audit, ensure the internal audit department accomplishes confirmation, supervision, review and assessment of audit targets with limited resources and arrive at an independent and objective conclusion, the internal audit staff shall select audit objects by means of audit sampling.	为了有效地履行内部审计职能，避免发生内部审计的重大遗漏，保障内部审计部门凭借有限的资源完成对审计对象的确认、监督、审查与评价，得到独立客观的评价结论，内部审计人员在选取审计客体样本时应当采用审计抽样的方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Sampling risk and audit risk	2.抽样风险与审计风险	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Sampling risk refers to the likelihood of inconsistencies between the conclusion the internal audit staff arrive at based on sampling results and the overall characteristics	抽样风险是指内部审计人员依据抽样结果得出的结论与总体特征不相符合的可能性 。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
. Sampling risk is an important factor in the examination risk of internal audit staff. If audit sampling is improper, the conclusion of sampling may derivate significantly from the actual conditions of the audited entity. A higher sampling risk will lead to a higher audit risk.	抽样风险是构成内部审计人员的检查风险的重要因素，如果应用审计抽样不当，抽样结论与被审计单位的实际情况存在较大差异，抽样风险上升，将导致审计风险上升。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
How to reduce sampling risk and further control audit risk is a core element of the audit sampling theory and methodology.	如何降低抽样风险、进而控制审计风险，这是审计抽样理论和方法的核心内容。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Audit risk refers to the likelihood of improper audit conclusion arising from the failure of internal audit staff to detect major deviations or deficiencies in operating activities and internal control of the audited entity	审计风险是指内部审计人员未能发现被审计单位经营活动及内部控制中存在的重大差异或缺陷而做出不恰当审计结论的可能性 。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
. Audit staff shall maintain due professional prudence, pay particular attention to the likelihood of material risk in the audited entity and avoid omission of any material risk where possible. A higher risk level necessitates the implementation of more detailed examination procedures and the use of a sampling method with lower sampling risk, so as to reduce the examination risk to an acceptable level.	审计人员应当保持应有的职业审慎，特别关注审计对象存在重大风险的可能性，尽量避免存在重大风险而未能发现的情况，重大风险水平越高，则应当实施更为详细的检查程序，采用抽样风险较小的抽样方法，以便将检查风险降低到可接受的水平。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Audit sampling methods	3.审计抽样方法	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Basic classification of sampling methods.	(1)抽样方法的基本分类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Audit sampling methods are generally divided between statistical sampling and non-statistical sampling.	审计抽样方法一般分为统计抽样和非统计抽样两种。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Common sampling methods.	(2)样本选取的常用方法。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Statistical sampling and non-statistical sampling are applied to auditing in a wide range of specific forms, resulting in many specific sampling methods.	统计抽样和非统计抽样的方法在审计中有着很多具体的应用，这些应用也形成了很多具体的样本选取方法。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Currently the China Internal Auditing Standards set forth five commonly used sampling methods, namely, random sampling, systemic sampling, stratified sampling, cluster sampling and haphazard sampling.	目前中国内部审计准则主要列举了5种常见的样本选取方法，分别为随机数表选样法、系统选样法、分层选样法、整群选样法及任意选样法。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Audit reporting	（三）审计报告	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal audit reporting is an important part of the internal audit process. It is a significant path towards participating in the governance process and a principal way of meeting internal audit objectives and reflecting the value of work.	内部审计报告是是内部审计工作流程的重要组成部分，是参与治理过程的重要途径，是实现内部审计工作目标和体现工作价值的主要方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Purposes of internal audit reporting	1.内部审计报告目的	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Disclosing audit findings.	（1）披露审计发现。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit report must be accurate and authentic, for any misrepresentation or inaccurate findings will render the report unreliable.	内部审计必须准确地报告事实，因为任何虚假的陈述、不准确的发现都会使报告陷入不可靠的困境。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Disclosing audit findings is intended to draw the attention of the report receiver.	披露审计发现，旨在引起接收报告者的关注。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Analyzing gaps.	（2）分析差距。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Gaps include exceptions and weaknesses.	差距包含例外情况和薄弱环节。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit report shall analyze the causes for deviation from the Bank’s strategic objectives, business objectives, reporting objectives and compliance objectives found during auditing, and also analyze gaps in corporate governance, internal control and risk management and the causes for such gaps.	内部审计报告要对审计所发现的偏离银行战略目标、经营目标、报告目标和合规目标的差距进行原因分析，对公司治理、内部控制、风险管理差距等情况以及发生差距的原因进行分析。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Providing audit recommendations.	（3）提出审计建议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Compliance audit, risk audit and value-added audit all require internal auditors to provide useful recommendations that help the Board of Directors and the Management to achieve overall objectives and unleash the value added role for the organization.	无论合规性审计、风险性审计还是增值性审计，均需要内部审计师提出帮助银行董事会和管理层实现整体目标的有益建议，实现对组织的增值作用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
For any obvious violation of laws or regulations detected, an opinion for quick correction must be provided. However, audit recommendations must include necessary feasibility analysis, including the cost efficiency of recommended measures.	发现明显的违法违规行为，一定要提出迅速纠正的意见，但对审计建议则要进行必要的可行性分析，包括实施建议措施的成本和效益分析。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Types of internal audit reports	2.内部审计报告类型	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internal audit reports of commercial banks may be classified into different types according to the nature of internal audit, user of report and objectives of auditing.	商业银行内部审计报告，根据内部审计活动性质、报告使用者、审计目标等的差异，可分为不同的类型。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Business audit report and audit work report.	（1）业务审计报告和审计工作报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The business audit report is a report the internal audit body issues in connection with the adequacy, legality and effectiveness of risk management, internal control, corporate governance and operating activities of the audited entity after conducting necessary audit procedures over the audited business in accordance with the audit plan.	业务审计报告是内部审计机构根据审计计划对被审计业务实施必要的审计程序后，就被审计单位风险管理、内部控制、公司治理和经营活动的适当性、合法性和有效性出具的报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The compliance, risk and value-added audit reports described below as well as interim and final audit reports are all business audit reports.	后面所指的合规型、风险型、增值型审计报告，以及中期和最终审计报告，都是指业务审计报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The audit work report is a written document produced by the internal audit body to comprehensively reflect the performance and overall effectiveness of internal audit work during a designated period.	审计工作报告是内部审计机构综合反映一定时期内部审计工作开展情况和总体效果所产生的书面文件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The audit work report may be quarterly, interim or annual.	审计工作报告主要包括季度、中期和年度报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Compliance audit report, risk audit report and value-added audit report.	（2）合规性审计报告、风险性审计报告和增值性审计报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The compliance audit risk is an output of the compliance audit conducted by the internal audit body. This type of audit report will still be used for compliance investigation of emergencies and particular matters and implementation of external regulatory requirements.	合规性审计报告是内部审计执行合规性审计任务生成的审计报告，一些突发事件和特定事项的合规情况调查，以及落实外部监管要求，仍将使用这一报告类型。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The risk audit report is the mainstream audit report at present. All reports on the auditing of key businesses and comprehensive audit assessment are risk-based.	风险性审计报告是当前审计报告的主流，重要业务的审计和全面的审计评价等都是以风险为基础编制审计报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The value-added audit report places extra emphasis on enhancing the shareholders’ value fundamentally.	增值性审计报告更加重视从根本上提升股东价值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Audit advisory services for investment, assessment of strategy execution, performance audit, function audit and process audit are all trials of this type of report.	投资的审计咨询活动、战略执行情况评价、效益审计、功能审计、流程审计等都是这一类型报告的有益尝试。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Interim audit report and final audit report.	（3）中期审计报告和最终审计报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The final audit report must be prepared after an audit project is ended.	审计项目应当在终结审计后编制最终审计报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If the audit period is too long, emergencies give rise to special requirements or the audited items are extraordinarily complicated, the interim audit report shall be prepared and submitted according to the Management’s requirements and internal audit needs.	如果存在审计周期过长、突发事件引起特殊要求、被审计项目内容特别庞杂等情况时应当根据组织适当管理层的要求和内部审计工作的需要编制并报送中期审计报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Use of audit report	3.审计报告的运用	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit report shall be submitted to the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee and the Senior Management.	内部审计报告应当报送董事会及其审计委员会和高级管理层。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After finishing the audit of an ICBC branch or subsidiary, the internal audit department may issue an audit opinion to the audited entity.	内部审计部门完成对工商银行分支机构的审计任务后，可以形成审计意见书发送被审计的分支机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
When detecting any doubtful points during risk monitoring analysis or off-site audit analysis, the internal audit department may issue an internal audit inquiry to the audited entity for its clarification.	内部审计部门可以对风险监测分析和非现场审计分析发现的疑点形成内部审计质询书，发送被审计机构，要求其解答。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The internal audit body shall use internal audit reports as a tool to coordinate different expectations and, through recommendations included in reports, improve the organization’s capability and reduce limitations on auditors’ access to information and audit effectiveness.	内部审计应当将审计报告作为协调不同期望的手段，通过报告建议改进组织的能力并减少审计师在获取信息和实现审计效果方面受到的限制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The head of the internal audit body shall consider their relations with other control and supervisory departments (risk management, compliance, security, legal, morality, environment and external audit) and help them report to the audit committee on material risks and controls.	审计机构负责人应当考虑他们与其它控制与监督部门(风险管理、合规、保卫、法律、道德、环境、外部审计)的关系，并帮助其向审计委员会报告重大风险和控制问题。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Foundation for audit report	4.审计报告的基础	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The basic work that has a decisive impact on the formation and quality of an audit report includes working paper, audit findings and communication.	对审计报告形成和确保报告质量具有决定影响的基础性工作是工作底稿、审计发现和沟通。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Ineffectiveness or disorderliness of such work will immediately translate into inherent inadequacies of the audit report, in which case the audit report is doomed to fail no matter what remedial actions are taken subsequently. In contrast, audit findings that are highly relevant to the audit purpose, working paper that is complete, detailed, clear and consistent as well as proper and thorough communication will lead to an easier process of audit report preparation, increasing the likelihood of producing a high-standard report.	这些工作的无效无序将直接导致审计报告的先天不足，之后无论采用什么补救措施，都不会改变审计报告的失败命运；相反，与审计目的高度相关的审计发现、完整翔实且清晰统一的工作底稿、恰当而充分的沟通，将会使审计报告编制过程更加轻松，并且易于诞生一份高水平的报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
CHAPTER THREE IT SYSTEMS AND REGULATIONS OF ICBC	第三章 工商银行信息科技系统与制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section One Introduction to the IT Hierarchy of ICBC	第一节 工商银行信息科技体系介绍	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Since its foundation, ICBC has always adhered to the principle of “technology-driven” and “technology-led” development, pushed forward with corporate IT development and continuously improved core competitiveness of the Bank.	建行以来，中国工商银行始终遵循“科技兴行”、“科技引领”发展方针，大力推动企业信息化建设，持续提升我行的核心竞争力。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
On September 1, 1999, ICBC launched the “9991” Program (data concentration program), a milestone in its IT development history that opens up a new era of centralized technology development.	1999年9月1日，中国工商银行启动了信息化建设历史上具有里程碑意义的工程——“9991”工程（数据集中工程），从而开启了集约化科技体系建设的新时代。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
During ten years, a series of major IT projects have been completed, including data concentration, integration of data centers, restructuring of core application systems and host disaster recovery; CB2000, NOVA, NOVA+ and other core application systems were researched and developed independently; and the system of centralized IT management has been set up. These achievement reach a leading position domestically and an advanced level internationally, vigorously promote the bank-wide innovation and reform and represent great milestones in the information-based building of ICBC.	十年间，完成了数据集中、数据中心整合、核心应用系统重构、主机灾备等一系列重大科技工程，自主研发了CB2000、NOVA 、NOVA+等核心应用系统，建立了集约化的信息科技管理体系，保持了国内行业的领先优势，达到国际先进水平，有力推动了全行业务创新和经营改革的进程，谱写出中国工商银行信息化建设的辉煌篇章。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Status Quo of Science & Technology R&D and Operating Capacity	一、科技研发运行能力现状	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Current situation of R&D capacity	1.研发能力现状	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has established an R&D system that mainly relies on the software development center, supplemented by branches.	工商银行已建立起软件开发中心为主，各分行为辅的研发项目研发体系。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Towards the development objectives and central tasks of ICBC, R&D and promotion of application products have been accelerated, the “1031” Program has been substantially completed, new breakthroughs are encouraged in innovation in key areas of business, and a variety of leading products have been launched, including personal wealth management, bank cards and E-banking, providing strong supports for business development and delivering good results.	围绕工商银行发展目标和中心任务，加快应用产品研发推广，基本完成“1031”工程建设，支持重点业务领域应用创新的新突破，推出个人理财、银行卡、电子银行等领域的一系列拳头产品，为业务发展提供了有力支持，取得了良好成效。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The number of patent grants obtained by the Bank has increased steadily year by year, reaching 183 as of May 2012.	我行获得国家专利授权数量逐年稳步提升，截至2012年5月,共获国家专利授权183项。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Current situation of production and operating capacity	2.生产运行现状	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has established a framework of IT systems in which the Data Center (Shanghai) serves as the operating center and branches are client terminals.	工商银行已经建立以数据中心（上海）为生产中心、各分行为客户终端的信息系统运行架构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, to intensify system stability and improve disaster tolerance, ICBC has realized local and inter-city backup for core business platforms of the host. Local synchronous backup for business data is provided at the Data Center (Shanghai), and an inter-city disaster recovery center has been established at the Data Center (Beijing). The recovery time objective (RTO) of less than 2 hours and the recovery point objective (RPO) of less than 2 minutes are met.	同时，为加强系统稳定性，提高灾难容错能力，经过多年建设，工商银行已经实现了主机核心业务平台的同城和异地双备份，即在数据中心（上海）同城建立了生产数据的同步备份，在数据中心（北京）建有异地灾难备份中心，实现RTO（恢复时间目标）小于2小时、RPO（恢复点目标）小于2分钟的设计目标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The disaster recovery systems of ICBC for its core business reach Grade 6 of the SHARE－92 national standard, the first in China’s banking industry.	工商银行核心业务灾备体系在国内同业中首家均达到国际SHARE－92的第6级标准。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Organizational Structure	二、组织架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The IT organizational structure of ICBC is illustrated below:	工商银行科技体系组织架构图如下：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Figure 3-1 IT Organizational Structure of ICBC	图3－1 工商银行科技体系组织架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In the current organizational structure, IT roles and functions are assigned as follows:	在现阶段组织结构下，各单位分别有如下不同职能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Board of Directors and Senior Management	1.董事会及高级管理层	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IT development strategy and decision-making.	信息科技发展战略与决策。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Information Technology Management Committee	2.信息科技管理委员会	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) The Senior Management is in charge of decision-making on IT management. Its mandate covers IT strategy, decision-making on significant IT matters, IT risk management and information security management etc; and	（1）高管层进行信息科技治理的决策机构，管理范围主要包括信息科技战略、信息科技重大决策事项及信息科技风险管理、信息安全管理工作等；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) The Information Technology Approval Committee under it is responsible for review and approval of major IT projects.	（2）下设技术审查委员会，负责重大科技项目的审批。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. IT Development of the Head Office	3.总行信息科技部	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Bank-wide IT management;	（1）全行科技管理；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Organization and implementation of major IT projects; and	（2）组织实施重大科技工程；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Guidance and coordination for IT work of centers and tier-one branches.	（3）指导和协调各中心、各一级分行的科技工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Data Center (Shanghai)	4.数据中心（上海）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Function as the bank-wide production and operating center responsible for central maintenance and management of the Bank’s operations and ensure continuity and stability of the Bank’s IT systems;	（1）全行生产运行中心, 履行全行生产运行统一维护和管理职能，确保全行信息系统的持续稳定运行；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Central planning and management of bank-wide disaster recovery; and	（2）全行灾备的统一规划和管理；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Ensure security and stability of third-party systems and branch systems under custody of ICBC.	（3）确保工商银行托管的第三方系统以及代管的分行系统的安全稳定运行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Data Center (Beijing)	5.数据中心（北京）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Acceptance and adaptability test;	（1）验收和适应性测试；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Planning and technical management of the basic architecture, including systems, networks, equipment and information security; and	（2）系统、网络、设备、信息安全等基础架构的规划和技术管理；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Responsible for bank-wide technology management and R&D of automatic technology platforms.	（3）承担全行科技管理、系统自动化技术平台的研发工作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. Software Development Center	6.软件开发中心	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Development of application products of the Head Office;	（1）总行应用产品开发；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Formulation and maintenance of technical standards and specifications; and	（2）技术标准规范制定和维护；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Maintenance and technical supports for application products.	（3）应用产品维护和技术支持。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
7. IT department of branches	7.分行信息科技部	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Branch-wide operation;	（1）辖内生产运行；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Promotion of the Head Office’s application systems;	（2）总行应用系统推广；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Development of local feature services; and	（3）本地特色业务开发；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(4) Branch marketing supports.	（4）支持分行市场营销。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Science & Technology Management System	三、科技管理体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Science & technology rules and regulations	（一）科技制度体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In 2002, the Head Office formulated the Administrative Regulation on the Production and Operation of Information Systems. After years of continuous optimization and improvement, a stable framework has been established under the Regulations on Information Technology Management, including planning, preparation, revision, review, publication, training and implementation of rules and regulations.	2002年，总行组织制定了《信息系统生产运行管理制度》，并经过多年来不断例行化的持续优化和完善，已形成了较为稳定的《信息科技管理制度》体系架构，建立起了制度规划、编制、修订、评审、发布、培训、执行等管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Regulations on Information Technology Management mainly covers information system management, project management as well as security and general management, and is classified into administrative measures, implementation rules, management handbooks, workbooks and operation manuals.	《信息科技管理制度》主要涵盖信息系统运行管理、项目管理、安全及综合管理三大领域，分为管理办法、实施细则、管理手册、工作手册、操作手册等类型。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The bank-wide Regulations on Information Technology Management (2012 edition) consists of 34 administrative measures, 60 implementation rules, 52 management handbooks, totaling 146. It was released to the whole bank in early January 2012 and became effective on 1 March 2012.	2012版全行性《信息科技管理制度》共包括34个管理办法、60个实施细则、52个管理手册，合计146个，已于2012年1月初向全行发布，并于2012年3月1日起正式执行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Regulations on Information Technology Management would be revised annually in principle. Any adjustments made between annual revisions will be released by the Head Office in the form of interpretations. Meanwhile, notices, guidelines and instructions will be issued from time to time according to relevant work requirements.	《信息科技管理制度》原则上每年集中修订一次，执行过程中需要调整的内容，总行以制度条款解释说明的形式进行发布，同时还会结合相关工作要求不定期地下发有针对性的通知、指引、提示等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Technical standards	（二）技术规范体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Technical standards of ICBC are grouped into seven categories: application, information, security, system, network, infrastructure and general standards. The specification system three for each category includes tier-2 and tier-3 breakdowns.	工商银行的技术规范总体上分为应用、信息、安全、系统、网络、基础设施、通用七大类，每大类的规范体系树中根据各分类属性进行了第二层和第三层的细分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. The application category is further divided into design and development, testing and maintenance.	1．应用大类下分为设计开发、测试、运维。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Design and development are subdivided into general, host and development platform; testing is subdivided into test design and test technique. Maintenance is subdivided into general, host and open platform.	设计开发划分为综合、主机、开发平台；测试划分为测试设计、测试技术；运维划分为综合、主机、开放平台。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. The information category is divided into data architecture, information management and data exchange.	2．信息大类分为数据架构、信息管理、数据交换。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Data architecture is subdivided into data model & database design and data distribution. Information management is subdivided into data life cycle management, data quality management and metadata management.	数据架构划分为数据模型与数据库设计、数据分布；信息管理划分为数据生命周期管理、数据质量管理、元数据管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. The security category is divided into general, application, system and network.	3．安全大类下，分为综合、应用、系统、网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The general sub-category is subdivided into classified protection. Application or system is subdivided into host and open platform.	综合下有等级保护；应用、系统下划分为主机、开放平台。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. The system category is divided into host and open platform.	4．系统大类下，分为主机、开放平台。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The host or open platform is subdivided into storage, monitoring, automation and general.	主机、开放平台下划分为：存储、监控、自动化、综合。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. The network category is divided into architecture design, general technology and resource allocation.	5．网络大类下，分为架构设计、通用技术、资源分配。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Architecture design is subdivided into network security area design, network structure design, network routing design as well as comprehensive wiring and communication line design. General technology is subdivided into basic network design, application network technology and network value-added service technology. Resource allocation is subdivided into network equipment naming and IP address allocation.	架构设计划分为网络安全区域设计、网络结构设计、网络路由设计、综合布线及通信线路设计；通用技术划分为基础网络设计、应用网络技术、网络增值服务技术；资源分配划分为网络设备命名、IP地址分配。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. The infrastructure category is subdivided into computer room, equipment and outlets.	6．基础设施大类下分为机房、设备和网点。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
7. The general category includes the Code for Preparation of Technical Standards and the Overall Framework of Technical Standards. The tier-2 division is not made.	7．通用大类下包括《技术规范编写规范》和《技术规范总体框架》，未做第二层划分。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Information security	（三）信息安全体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has gradually established an ICBC-specific system of information security regulations and standards according to the E-banking developments and drawing upon information security standards and best practices at home and abroad, so as to guide and motivate ICBC information security system development and protect the security of information and information systems.	工商银行从银行电子化建设的实际出发，借鉴国内外的信息安全标准和业界最佳实践，已逐步构建了一套具有工商银行特色的信息安全制度和规范体系，以指导和推动工商银行信息安全体系建设，保障信息及信息系统安全。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Figure 3-2 Information Security Framework of ICBC	图3－2 中国工商银行信息安全体系框架	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The information security framework of ICBC, as illustrated in Figure 3-2, is three-tiered: basic security standards, security management regulations and security technical standards. Standards and regulations relating to each of the three tiers are described briefly below.	工商银行的信息安全体系如图3-2所示，包括基础安全规范、安全管理制度和安全技术规范三个层面，以下就这三个层面涉及的规范和制度内容进行简单的介绍。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Basic security standards	1.基础安全规范	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Basic security standards are the foundation for the information security framework of ICBC and provide guidance on formulation of management regulations and technical standards relating to information security.	基础安全规范是构建工商银行信息安全体系架构的基础，是为相关信息安全管理制度和技术规范的制定起指导性作用的基础规范。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Basic security standards are principally the Security Standards for Information and Information Systems and the Implementation Standards for Classified Security Protection of Information and Information Systems.	主要包括《信息及信息系统安全体系规范》和《信息及信息系统安全等级保护实施规范》两个规范。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Information security management regulations.	2.信息安全管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Information security management regulations, under the guidance of basic security standards, clarify the organizational structure, roles and responsibilities and security management process requirements relating to information and information systems.	信息安全管理制度，是在基础安全规范的指导下，明确了信息及信息系统安全管理的各级组织架构、职责和安全管理过程要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Information security management regulations principally include the Management Measures on Security of Information and Information Systems, the Implementation Rules for Information Security Management of Application Systems, the Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Systems, the Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Internet Access and the Implementation Rules for Anti-leak Management of Client-side Information.	信息安全管理制度主要包括《信息及信息系统安全管理办法》和《应用系统信息保护管理实施细则》、《客户端系统安全管理实施细则》、《客户端互联网访问安全管理实施细则》、《客户端信息防泄漏管理实施细则》等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Head Office also formulated the Implementation Rules for Security Management of Information Systems and relevant management handbooks.	总行还在信息科技专业制定了《信息系统安全管理实施细则》及相应的管理手册。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Security technical standards	3.安全技术规范	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Security technical standard, under the guidance of basic security standard, are technical standard specializing in security classification, computer room security, host system security, open platform system security, network security and application security.	安全技术规范，是在基础安全规范的指导下，针对安全定级、机房安全、主机系统安全、开放平台系统安全、网络安全和应用安全等方面分专业细化形成的安全技术规范。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Two Introduction to FOVA	第二节 FOVA系统介绍	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA is a comprehensive business processing system independently developed by ICBC in line with its strategy for overseas business development and for the purpose of improving overseas institutions’ business processing capacity.	FOVA系统是工商银行根据本行境外机构业务发展策略，为提升境外机构业务处理能力，自主研发的一套功能丰富、技术先进、运行安全、维护方便的综合业务处理系统。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA is characterized by broad-ranging functions, advanced technology, security of operation and convenience of maintenance. Designers of FOVA took into full account the business characteristics of overseas institutions. Its functions cover substantially all operations of ICBC overseas institutions.	FOVA系统在设计时充分考虑了境外机构业务特色，功能基本上覆盖了工商银行境外机构所有业务处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Systems mainly include core banking sub-systems based on the host architecture and various front-end systems, terminal systems, channel systems and other auxiliary systems based on peripheral open platforms.	系统主要包括基于主机架构的核心银行子系统以及基于外围开放平台的各种前置系统、终端系统、渠道系统以及其他业务辅助系统。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This section will provide a description of the FOVA architecture and functions.	本节将对FOVA的系统架构以及系统功能进行介绍。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Architecture of FOVA	一、FOVA系统架构	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA builds on the core system based on the host platform. Other peripheral systems are based mainly on UNIX, Windows and other open platforms and communicate via gateway systems and the host platform. The gateway handles communication and data conversion between host and open platforms.	FOVA系统是围绕基于主机平台的核心系统建立起来的，其他外围应用系统主要是以UNIX、Windows等开放平台为基础，并通过网关系统和主机平台进行通讯，由网关完成主机和开放平台之间的通讯和数据转换。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA supports overseas retail and wholesale banking, includes complete technical and business platforms and provides a wide array of banking service delivery channels.	FOVA系统支持境外零售业务和批发业务，建立了完整的技术平台和业务平台，提供丰富的银行业务受理渠道。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As FOVA and the domestic NOVA system use the uniform technical architecture, domestic and overseas host application systems can be interconnected to provide a solid foundation for domestic-overseas collaboration of ICBC.	由于FOVA系统和境内使用的NOVA系统采用统一的技术体系架构，可以实现境内外主机应用系统之间的互连互通，为工行境内外机构联动业务的发展提供了坚实的基础。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The two systems allow synchronized maintenance of parameter tables, synchronized updating of domestic and overseas exchange rates, remittance between domestic and overseas branches, global cash management and agency account opening between domestic and overseas institutions.	两者之间可以进行参数表的同步维护、境内外外汇牌价的同步更新、境内外分行之间的汇款业务处理、全球现金管理业务办理、境内外互相代理开户等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA applications include core banking system, documentation system, treasury market business system, Internet banking system, mobile banking system, bank card system, credit management system, customer marketing system, customer relationship management system, customer reconciliation system and operational risk monitoring system. FOVA provides a multi-time zone, multi-language, multi-home currency, multinational and 7×24-hour system architecture.	FOVA系统应用包括核心银行系统、单证业务系统、资金市场业务系统、网上银行系统、电话银行系统、银行卡系统、信贷管理系统、客户营销系统、客户关系管理系统、客户对账系统、操作风险监控系统等，具有支持多时区、多语言、多本币、多国情和7×24小时不间断运行的系统架构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA and NOVA share equipment and the operating system, but use different databases and application middleware. Therefore, from the logical and partially physical perspectives, FOVA and NOVA are independent of each other.	FOVA系统和NOVA系统共用设备和操作系统，但数据库和应用中间件是进行了区分，所以从逻辑上和局部的物理上来看，FOVA系统和NOVA系统是相互独立，互不影响的。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA builds on the IBM mainframe platform, employs large-scale relational database and middleware, supports massive parallel processing and centralized data storage and processing, and meanwhile adopts the load balancing technology, providing an efficient and stable operating platform that can process massive business transactions at the same time and serving as a stable and flexible technical platform for overseas business expansion of ICBC.	FOVA系统基于IBM大型机平台，采用大规模关系型数据库及中间件，支持大规模并行处理和数据集中存储以及处理，同时还采用负载均衡技术，使得系统具备高效、稳定的运行平台，具有同时处理大量业务交易的能力，为工商银行境外机构的业务拓展搭建了一个稳定、灵活的技术平台。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Functions of FOVA	二、FOVA系统功能	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA supports customer information management, accounting, deposit, loan, remittance, bank card, precious metals, derivatives, global markets, international settlement and trade finance and agency services, covering front-office, middle-office and back-office activities. The system provides over-the-counter (OTC), ATM, POS, Internet banking, telephone banking, self-service banking and other service delivery channels and offers such auxiliary features as generating reports and statements.	FOVA系统支持客户信息管理、会计核算、存款、贷款、汇款、银行卡、贵金属业务、衍生产品业务、金融市场、国际结算及贸易融资、代理业务等各项业务处理，覆盖银行前中后台业务管理，提供柜面、ATM、POS、网上银行、电话银行、自助渠道等服务渠道，并具备生成业务报表和客户对账单的辅助业务功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It also supports parameter setting features, flexibly meets differentiated functional requirements and allows different institutions to realize different functions through parameter setting with respect to interest accrual method, interest settlement cycle, fee calculation method and billing period, taxation method and taxation cycle.	系统支持参数化设置特性，灵活实现对系统差异化功能要求，不同机构可以通过参数设置实现计息方式和结息周期、费用计算方式和收费周期、计税方式和计税周期等方面不同的业务功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
FOVA has basically established a comprehensive business processing system that provides relatively complete functions.	FOVA已基本建成一个业务功能相对完善的综合业务处理系统。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Core banking system of FOVA	（一）FOVA核心银行系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The core banking system of FOVA consists of online business features and batch business features.	FOVA核心银行系统可以分为联机业务功能与批量业务功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The online business features include functional modules such as customer information processing, internal accounting management processing, deposit processing, loan processing, remittance processing and bank card processing; the batch business features include batch business processing and report processing modules. Main features are described below by business modules.	其中联机业务功能包括客户信息业务处理、会计内部管理业务处理、存款业务处理、贷款业务处理、汇款业务处理、银行卡业务处理等功能模块；批量业务功能包括批量业务处理、报表处理等功能模块，下面按不同业务模块对主要功能进行介绍。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Customer information	1.客户信息	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The customer information module of FOVA represents an archival database established for customers that maintain accounts with the Bank and for tellers of the Bank.	FOVA系统客户信息模块是为在银行开立账户，办理各类业务的客户以及本行柜员建立的档案数据库。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
By recording comprehensive, complete and detailed customer information, this module provides a reasonable basis for decision making with respect to accounting and management of the Bank’s operating activities.	它通过综合、完整、详细地记录客户信息，为银行经营活动的核算和管理提供科学合理的决策依据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Basic customer information includes basic data provided by customers during account opening and records on subsequent customer activities with the Bank.	客户基本信息包括客户在银行开立账户时提供的基本信息资料和日后在银行办理各类业务过程中形成的活动记录。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to the type of customer, it is divided into corporate information module and personal information module.	按办理业务的主体不同，可分为公司信息模块和个人信息模块。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The customer information module is a basic business module of FOVA that provides basic customer data for other business functions.	客户信息模块是FOVA系统的基础业务模块，为其他业务功能提供基础客户信息数据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Accounting	2.会计核算	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As the core module of the system, the accounting module provides general ledger accounting and ledger accounting features, offers flexible provisioning methods and periods and supports different accounting requirements of many countries.	会计核算部分作为系统的核心模块，提供总帐核算和分户核算的功能，灵活的计提方式和周期，支持全球多个国家不同的会计核算处理要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It can realize such functions as teller management, parameter management, accounting elements management, cashier management, opening and closing of internal off-balance-sheet accounts, maintenance and management of internal off-balance-sheet accounts, internal account transfer, off-balance-sheet account settlement, log management, account reconciliation & check, and inquiry and management of general ledger gain/loss inquiry management. This module also supports daily calculation of exchange gains/losses, provisioning and conversion of foreign currency gains/losses to home currency.	它可以实现柜员管理、参数管理、会计要素管理、现金出纳管理、内部表外户开销户、内部户表外户维护管理、内部户转账、表外户结算交易、日志管理、轧账、总账损益查询管理等功能，并支持每日汇兑损益计算、计提和外币损益结转本币的处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Deposit	3.存款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The deposit module supports deposit products and agency products processing.	存款模块支持存款产品和代理产品处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The deposit module of FOVA includes demand deposits, settlement (check) accounts, time deposits, small savings for lump-sum withdrawal, principal deposit and interest withdrawal, call deposit, Elite Club Card, Peony E-era Card and joint accounts. It offers such agreement products as bank statement, balance transfer and adjustment, agency services, negotiated amount transfer and Easy Mortgage, supports account overdraft and freezing, supports branch-specific setting of account number rules, supports reserved account numbers and also provides the notes management module.	FOVA系统存款业务模块包括活期储蓄存款、结算(支票)账户、定期存款、零存整取、存本取息、通知存款、理财金卡、牡丹e时代卡、联名账户等各类业务产品的处理，提供对账单、余额调剂、代理业务、协定金额转账、智按易等协议产品，支持账户透支、冻结等功能，支持按分行设置满足本地需要的帐号规则，支持预留账号，同时还提供了票据管理模块。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Loan	4.贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The loan module of FOVA includes bilateral loans, syndicated loans (with ICBC as participants), consumer loans and housing loans, provides interface with the credit management system and implements rigid control of credit risk.	FOVA系统贷款业务模块提供双边贷款、银团贷款(我行作为参贷行)、消费贷款、住房贷款等业务品种办理，具有与信贷管理系统对接的功能，实现了信贷风险刚性控制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This module supports general loans and unsecured loans and provides such features as loan disbursement and repayment, downgrading to bad debts, write-off of bad debts and reversal of accounting operations, as well as treatment of pledge and mortgage. In addition to traditional equal principal and equal amount payments, this module also supports diversified repayment methods such as irregular repayment schedules that allow self-defined payments in any amounts at any time. This module supports loan refinance, downgrading to bad debts, write-off of bad debts and recovery of bad debts.	支持普通贷款和授信贷款，提供贷款发放、归还、转呆坏账、呆账核销、账务冲正等功能，提供质押和抵押的处理；支持多种还款方式，除传统的等本、等额外，还支持自定义任意时间任意金额的不规则还款计划；支持贷款转按揭、转呆坏账、呆坏账核销及归还贷款呆坏账等处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In the meantime, it also supports future disbursement, postponed repayment and other individualized services, and offers loan sales, fund aid and other business processing methods.	同时还支持远期放款、延期供款等个性化的业务处理要求，提供售卖贷款、资助资款等业务处理方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Remittance	5.汇款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The remittance module of FOVA supports inward and outward remittance in RMB and foreign currencies between overseas branches and domestic branches of ICBC, other overseas branches and other banks, supports advance FX settlement remittance, remittance reservation and intra-system cross-border remittance. It also supports promissory notes, drafts, notes purchase and clean collection.	FOVA系统汇款模块支持境外分行与工行系统内国内分行、其他境外分行、以及系统外其他银行之间外币及人民币的汇出和汇入汇款处理，支持预结汇汇款、预约汇款、系统内跨境汇款等业务处理，同时支持本票、汇票、买票、光票托收、光票代收等票据业务的处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The intra-system remittance of ICBC allows point-to-point processing without routing message through the SWIFT system. Furthermore, fund clearing is automatically conducted in sync with message processing, which significantly cuts manual processing steps, increases remittance processing speed and reduces remittance costs.	工商银行系统内汇款实现了点对点处理，报文不需要经过SWIFT系统，而且资金清算随报文处理同步自动完成，不仅大大减少了人工处理环节，提升了汇款处理速度，同时也节约了汇款成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The system also supports the needs of differentiated automatic transfer between different overseas institutions based on parameter setting.	系统同时还支持按参数设置灵活实现不同境外机构的差异化自动转汇需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. Debit Card	6.借记卡	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The bank card service module of FOVA enables debit card issuance and acquiring for China UnionPay and local banking organizations, supports issuance of registered debit cards and unregistered debit cards and supports issuance of ICBC (Macau) UnionPay dual-currency chip cards. Its main features include card issuance, OTC and ATM inquiry, OTC and ATM deposits and withdrawal, POS-based consumption, POS preauthorization and POS-based product return. The system also supports overseas-domestic collaboration, through which the debit card issued by overseas branches may be used at counters, ATMs and POS terminals of domestic branches and other overseas branches for deposits, withdrawals and consumptions.	FOVA系统银行卡业务模块实现了银联及当地银行组织借记卡的发卡和收单功能，支持发行记名借记卡和非记名借记卡，支持发行工银澳门银联芯片双币卡，主要实现功能包括发卡、柜面和ATM查询、柜面和ATM存取款、POS消费、POS预授权、POS退货等，系统同时还支持境内外联动业务处理，境外分行发行的借记卡可以在国内和其他境外分行柜面、ATM、POS等渠道进行存取款和消费等交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
7. Batch processing	7.批量	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The core system of FOVA provides day-end, month-end and year-end batch processing features. Day-end batch processing mainly includes analysis of logs, retrospective bookkeeping for internal accounts, upgrading the general ledger balance and accrual amounts, provisioning, exchange gain/loss settlement and carry-over, conversion of foreign currency gain/loss to home currency, generation of internal account details, trial balancing, general ledger and ledger reconciliation and generation of bank statements and day-end report data. The month-end batch processing mainly includes upgrading general ledger and generating month-end report data. Year-end batch processing mainly includes upgrading general ledger, year-end final accounts (exchange gain/loss carry-over and profit/loss carry-over) and generation of year-end report data.	FOVA核心系统提供了日终、月终、年终的批量处理功能，日终批量主要是解析日志、补记内部户、更新总账余额和发生额、计提、汇兑损益结算和结转、外币损益折算本币、内部户明细生成、试算平衡、总分核对、对账单及日终报表数据生成等功能，月终批量主要是更新总账、生成月终统计报表数据等功能，年终主要是更新总账、年终决算(汇兑损益结转、损益结转)、年终报表数据生成等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to runtime, batch processing is divided into day-time batch processing, day-end batch processing, periodic batch processing, provisioning batch processing and interest accrual batch processing.	按照运行时间，批量主要可以分为日间批量、日终批量、周期批量、计提批量、计息批量等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
8. Reconciliation with customers	8.客户对账	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The customer reconciliation module of FOVA provides reconciliation by customer (integrated bank statement) or designated account. It also supports provision of temporary bank statements to customers.	FOVA系统客户对账模块提供按客户对账（综合对账单）、按指定账户对账两种方式，同时还支持向客户提供临时对账单。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The integrated statement includes balances of all accounts (full amount display for joint accounts), transaction details, reminder to maturity and reminder to overdue payments during the reconciliation period.	客户综合对账单内容包括签订客户信息下对账周期内所有账户的余额（联名账户全额显示）、明细及定期到期提醒、欠费提醒等信息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The designated account statement includes the balance of designated account (full amount display for joint accounts), transaction details, reminder to maturity and reminder to overdue payments during the reconciliation period.	指定账户对账单内容包括协议里的对账账户在对账周期内的余额（联名账户全额显示）、明细及定期到期提醒、欠费提醒等信息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The temporary statement may be issued on the current day. The start date of reconciliation may be any day in the past, and the closing day of reconciliation should not be later than the current system date.	临时对账单可以实现当日出单，对账起始日可以为历史任何一天，对账截止日需不大于当前系统日期。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It is not subject to reconciliation period restrictions, providing convenience for flexible inquiry about historical records.	不受对账周期限制，方便客户灵活查询历史记录。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
9. Reports	9.报表	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The report module of FOVA provides a variety of business reports, including basic accounting reports (e.g. balance statement and daily balance), transaction list reports (e.g. list of authorized transactions, list of general ledger-ledger reconciliation errors and list of large-sum deposits and withdrawals), business statistics reports (e.g. foreign exchange trading statement and time deposit statement), customer receipt reports (interest advice and automatic debiting receipts), monthly reports, quarterly reports, semiannual reports and annual reports.	FOVA系统报表模块提供了各种业务报表，包括日常使用的基本会计报表(例如余额表、日计表等)、业务清单报表(例如授权交易清单、总分核对错误清单、大额存取款业务清单等)、业务统计报表(例如外汇买卖交易量统计表、定期存款统计表等)、客户回单报表(利息通知单、自动扣费的回单等)、月报表、季报表、半年报表、年报表等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Some accounting reports also support display by local items, regulatory items and Head Office items. 	部分会计报表还支持按本地科目、监管科目、总行科目三套不同的科目体系分别展现。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Parameter management	（二）参数管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The parameter management system mainly has three functions: system management, parameter inquiry and maintenance, and statistical monitoring.	参数管理系统的主要功能包括系统管理、参数查询与维护和统计监控三部分功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
System management functions are operated by the system administration tellers of the Head Office and provide such features as parameter list management, data dictionary management, institution inquiry, teller inquiry, error code management and day-end service management.	系统管理功能由总行系统管理柜员操作，提供了参数表管理、数据字典管理、机构查询、柜员查询、错误代码管理、日终服务管理等功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The parameter inquiry and maintenance function is the principal function of the overseas parameter management system, serving as the Bank’s primary means to maintain host parameters of most core banking systems.	参数查询与维护功能是境外参数管理系统的主要功能，作为全行维护大部分核心银行系统主机参数的主要途径。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Parameter maintenance adopts a three-step approval process (application, examination and approval), which provides good security for parameter maintenance.	参数维护采用申请、复核、审批三级审核流程，为参数维护提供良好的安全性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The statistical monitoring function, operated by the monitoring tellers of the Head Office and overseas branches, includes statistical features and monitoring features. Specifically, statistical features include statistics on parameter list changes, statistics on teller workload and maintenance quality, statistics on errors and generation of month-end statements download. Monitoring features include process monitoring, teller monitoring and monitoring of key parameter lists.	统计监控功能由总行和境外分行监控柜员操作，包括统计和监控两部分功能，其中统计包括参数表变动情况统计、柜员业务量和维护质量统计、错误统计以及生成月终报表下载等交易；监控包括流程监控、柜员监控和重点参数表监控。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Credit card system	（三）信用卡系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The credit card system of ICBC, based on the host bank card system, provides program sharing and specific service features through the common business module and the specific business module, enabling credit card/account management, application approval management, authorization management, transaction management, chargeback/retrieval management and credit card authorization management.	中国工商银行信用卡系统以主机银行卡系统为基础，通过业务公用模块和特色模块分别实现程序共享和特色业务功能，实现了信用卡卡片/帐户管理、申请审批管理、授权管理、交易管理、拒付调单管理和信用卡代授权管理等业务功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The system supports VISA, Master, Amex and China UnionPay standard credit cards, either magnetic stripe-based or chip-based.	支持发行VISA、Master、Amex及中国银联标准信用卡，介质类型包括磁条和芯片。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The system also supports the following operations regarding credit cards: accounting, clearing, authorization, risk management, marketing strategy development, marketing, customer services and overdraft recovery.	系统支持信用卡如下业务处理：核算、清算、授权、风险管理、营销策略制定、市场营销、客户服务、透支催收等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Local clearing system	（四）本地清算系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The local clearing platform mainly enables interconnection between FOVA and overseas institutions’ local clearing systems (or software).	本地清算平台主要实现FOVA系统与各境外行本地清算系统（软件）对接处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The local clearing platform mainly deals with local inter-bank remittance and clearing. Its primary features include communication processing, message conversion, accounting treatment, statistical statement, remittance message sending and remittance message receiving.	在业务功能上本地清算平台主要承担当地跨行汇款、清算业务，主要功能有通讯处理、报文转换、账务处理、报表统计、汇款发报处理、汇款收报处理等功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
As clearing houses in different countries or regions differ significantly in terms of their requirements on local inter-bank clearing, overseas institutions use different business modes. Branches in Sydney, Almaty, Frankfurt and New York have their specific modes.	由于各个国家和地区的清算组织对当地跨行清算要求差异较大，各境外行按照不同的业务处理模式实现，有悉尼、阿拉木图、法兰克福、纽约等多种分行模式进行业务处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Global cash management system	（五）全球现金管理系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The global cash management system provides customers with global cash management services based on the interconnection between NOVA and FOVA and also through its interconnection with partnering banks by multiple means of direct inter-bank link and SWIFTNet.	境外全球现金管理系统利用我行NOVA、FOVA系统的互联互通，以及通过银银直联、SWIFTNet等多渠道与合作行互联，为客户提供全球现金管理服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers can create one-point connection with the lead bank to meet its group-wide fund management.	客户通过一点式接入主办行，实现其集团内部资金统一管理的需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The system supports two business modes: Overseas institutions are lead managers and domestic institutions or partnering banks are co-managers; and domestic institutions or partnering banks are lead managers and overseas institutions are co-managers. The system mainly provides the following features: centralized collection/disbursement, debiting/crediting advice, general account report, account information report, account information inquiry, cross-border cash pooling and nominal cash pooling.	支持境外机构作为主办行、国内机构或合作银行作为协办行以及国内机构或合作银行作为主办行、境外机构作为协办行两种业务模式，主要包括如下功能：集中收付款、借贷记通知、综合账户报告、账户信息报告、账户信息查询、跨境资金池、名义资金池等业务处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vi. Document business	（六）单证业务	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The document business module deals with international settlement and trade finance. In addition to such traditional services as L/C, collection, L/G, acceptance and forfaiting, this module also covers business types including overseas refinancing, import bill advance, inward bill purchased under collection, export bill financing, packing loans and T/T financing, and also adds interest prepayment and interest deferral.	单证业务模块处理国际结算和贸易融资业务，除提供信用证、托收、保函、承兑、福费廷等传统业务功能以外，还增加了海外代付、进口押汇、进口代收押汇、出口发票融资、打包放款、TT融资等业务品种，增加了利息先收和利息后收两种方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With regard to business processing, overseas institutions only need to handle front-office operations, acquiring and customer services, while documents are transmitted via the imaging system to the documents center, which then makes accounting treatment in combination with FOVA and sends relevant receipts and cover letters back to the overseas institutions for subsequent processing.	在业务处理上，境外机构只需要负责前台业务受理、收单和客户服务等，业务单据通过影像系统传送到单证中心进行处理，并由单证中心联动FOVA系统进行帐务处理，将有关回单、面函返回境外机构进行后续处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
GCMS, FOVA and the documents center are interconnected to apply rigid control upon credit application, approval and transaction processing with regard to trade finance.	实现了GCMS、FOVA、单证中心系统的三方联动，对贸易融资业务的信贷申请、审批和业务办理进行流程上的刚性控制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vii. Capital market (SUMMIT FT)	（七）资金市场（SUMMIT FT）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This system, dedicated to the financial market business, is an advanced and strong system that integrates front-office, middle-office and back-office operations.	该系统是专门用于处理金融市场业务，集前、中、后台于一身的功能较为先进和强大的处理系统。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The system not only processes day-to-day financial market transactions, but also allows real-time data exchange with external systems and provides advanced risk pricing models that facilitate pricing, valuation and risk estimation of various financial instruments.	不但能对银行金融市场业务进行日常交易的处理外，还能根据情况与外系统进行实时的数据交换，并提供了较为先进的风险定价模型，可以方便的对各种金融工具进行价格计算、市值评估和风险估量。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
This module supports derivative transactions, stocks, futures, capital market (e.g. foreign exchange trading and money market lendings), fixed-income products (e.g. bonds) and structured products (MUST).	该业务模块支持衍生交易、股票、期货交易、资金市场（如外汇买卖、货币市场拆借等）、固定收益产品（如债券等）、结构性产品（MUST）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
viii. Credit management	（八）信贷管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The credit management module provides credit management system supports for loans and trade finance.	信贷管理模块实现为贷款和贸易融资类业务提供信贷管理系统支持。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The credit management module (GCMS) is a basic platform independently developed by the Head Office according to the plan for the fourth-generation application system architecture. The module covers global corporate customers, institutional customers, personal customers and counterparties, supports asset business operations of domestic and overseas institutions, risk control management and business decision making and analysis and implements central management of the global asset business.	信贷管理模块（GCMS）是总行按照第四代应用系统架构规划，自主设计研发的覆盖全球公司客户、机构客户、个人客户、交易对手，支持境内外机构资产业务操作、风险控制管理、经营决策分析，实施全球资产业务统一管理的基础平台。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The module provides standardized and procedure-based operation and management of all credit asset businesses of overseas institutions in a single platform, realizes organic exchange and secure sharing of domestic and overseas information, provides abundant integrated information resources, allows business information exchange between domestic and overseas institutions and implements global credit lines to group customers and centralized risk management.	该模块将境外机构所有信贷资产业务都在同一平台上标准化、流程化操作及管理，实现了境内外信息有机交互、安全共享，提供集成丰富的信息资源，实现境内外机构业务信息联动，实施集团客户全球统一授信和风险集中管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Principal features of GCMS include system management, customer management, product management, business handling, post-loan management, statistical inquiry management and full lifecycle management of asset businesses.	GCMS主体核心功能包括系统管理、客户管理、产品管理、业务办理、贷后管理、统计查询管理，并围绕着资产业务的全生命周期进行管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ix. Internet banking system	（九）网上银行系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Internet banking system provides personal Internet banking, corporate Internet banking and internal management features. The personal Internet banking module mainly provides such features as account management, registered account transfer, outward transfer, outward remittance, time deposits, online loans, online foreign exchange market, bill payment, credit card services, online mutual funds, online precious metals and customer services. The corporate Internet banking module provides such features as account management, collection service, payment service (online transfer, bulk transfer and remittance etc.), time deposits, online loans, foreign exchange trading, cash pooling and customer services.	网上银行系统提供个人网银及企业网银和内部管理功能，其中个人网银主要提供账户管理、注册账户转账、对外转账、汇出汇款、定期存款、网上贷款、网上汇市、缴费站、信用卡服务、网上基金、网上贵金属、客户服务等功能；企业网银提供账户管理、收款业务、付款业务（联机转账和批量转账业务、汇款业务等）、定期存款、网上贷款、外汇买卖、资金池、客户服务等功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
x. Telephone banking system	（十）电话银行系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Telephone banking services include account inquiry, transfer, foreign exchange trading, time deposits and agency bill payment.	电话银行业务包括账户查询业务、转账业务、外汇买卖业务、定期存款业务、代理缴费业务等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition to self-help voice services, calls made for manual services by customers in all countries/regions are answered by professional customer service representatives at the E-banking Center (Guangzhou) and the ICBC Credit Card Center (International).	除丰富的自助语音业务外，各国家/地区客户转接人工服务的电话根据业务类型分别由电子银行中心（广州）和工银信用卡中心（国际）两大中心的专业客服代表接听。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has two types of customer service phone numbers for overseas telephone banking services. One is the global customer service hotline “80080095588”, and the other is the local service phone number, both available on a 24-hour basis.	工商银行境外电话银行客服号码包括两种，一种是全球统一客服号码“80080095588”，另外一种是境外行当地服务电话，两类电话均提供24小时对外服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xi. ATM and POS system	（十一）ATM、POS系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The ATM and POS system is mainly designed for ATM and POS services for ICBC Peony Cards (Peony Moneylink Card, Peony Credit Card and Peony International Card), UnionPay cards, overseas VISA cards, MASTER cards, AE cards, DINER cards and JCB cards. The system provides cardholders with ATM-based withdrawals, deposits, transfers, password modification and balance check and POS-based consumptions.	ATM、POS系统主要为工商银行牡丹卡（牡丹灵通卡、牡丹贷记卡、牡丹国际卡等）、境内银联卡以及境外VISA、MASTER、AE、DINER、JCB外卡的ATM、POS业务而设计，系统为持卡人提供在自动柜员机进行取款、存款、转账、修改密码、查询余额,在POS上进行消费等功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xii. Asset custody accounting valuation system	（十二）资产托管会计估值系统	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The system adopts the simple and flexible configurable design according to the asset custody business characteristics in international markets and the global custody mode. It supports multi-regional deployment and multi-mode custody.	根据国际市场上资产托管业务的特点和全球化托管模式的要求，采用简易灵活的可配置式的设计，支持多地区部署，多托管模式并存。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
System features mainly include parameter management, securities information management, delivery management, corporate action management, message sending/receiving management, fund clearing management, details inquiry, accounting valuation and statement generation.	系统功能主要包括：参数管理、证券信息管理、交收管理、公司行动管理、报文收发管理、资金清算管理、台账查询、会计估值、报表生成等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The system supports basic custody services and value-added services. Basic custody services include custody of customers’ assets, customer order delivery and fund clearing. Value-added services include accounting and asset valuation of customer investment and submission of regulatory reports. Local custody and sub-custody are supported.	系统支持托管基本服务和增值服务，基本托管服务包括客户资产的保管，客户指令交收、资金清算等，增值服务包括客户投资的会计核算、资产估值，各类监管报表报送等，并支持本地托管和次托管模式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Three Science & Technology Regulations for Overseas Institutions	第三节 境外机构科技制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Overview of Science & Technology Regulations for Overseas Institutions	一、境外机构科技制度概况	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In 2011, the Head Office formulated science & technology management regulations for overseas institutions and incorporated them into annual routine revision, under the Bank’s framework for IT management rules and regulations, regarding IT work characteristics of overseas institutions. These regulations are revised annually.	2011年，总行结合境外机构科技工作特点，在全行信息科技管理制度体系框架下，组织编制了境外机构科技管理制度，并纳入每年例行化修订。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The 2012 edition of science & technology management regulations for overseas institutions currently in force consists of 20 sets of measures, 25 sets of rules and 13 handbooks, totaling 58 documents. The specific framework is illustrated in the figure below.	正在执行的2012版境外机构科技管理制度共包含20个办法、25个细则、13个手册，合计58个，具体架构情况见下图。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Notes: 1. Yellow means relevant regulations are applicable to overseas institutions only, totaling 14; and	注：1、黄色表示相关制度为单独适用于境外机构，共14个；	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Green means relevant regulations are applicable to both domestic and overseas institutions, totaling 44.	2、绿色表示相关制度为境内、境外单位共同适用，共44个。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Operation Management	二、运行管理类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Service Level Management Measures and Implementation Rules for the Service Level Management MEasures (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（一）《服务水平管理办法》、《服务水平管理办法实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate service level management of overseas institutions, ensure and improve the quality of information system services of overseas institutions, meet predetermined service level requirements and increase the satisfaction of information system users, the Implementation Rules for the Service Level Management Measures (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Service Level Management Measures.	为了规范对境外机构的服务水平管理工作，保证和改进境外机构信息系统服务的质量，达到既定的服务水平要求，以提高信息系统用户的满意度，依据《服务水平管理办法》，制定了《服务水平管理办法实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These implementation rules define the management process of establishment, implementation, evaluation and continuous improvement of the service level of overseas institutions.	此实施细则定义了对境外机构服务水平的确立、实施、评价和持续改进的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Availability Management Measures and Implementation Rules for Availability Management Measures	（二）《可用性管理办法》、《可用性管理办法实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further clarify duties on availability management of information systems, regulate availability management, enhance the performance of information systems with respect to normal functioning and response capability and ultimately achieve and improve the service quality required for information systems, the Availability Management Measures and the Implementation Rules for Availability Management Measures were formulated.	为了进一步明确信息系统的可用性管理工作的职责，规范可用性管理工作，加强信息系统发挥正常功能和响应能力的性能，从而达到和提高信息系统服务水平所规定的服务质量，特制定了《可用性管理办法》及《可用性管理办法实施细则》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures and implementation rules define the management process of putting forward availability requirements on information systems, identifying objectives, plans implementation and monitoring. 	此管理办法及实施细则中定义了对信息系统的可用性需求提出、目标确定、计划实施和监控的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Event Management Measures and Implementation Rules for Event Management Measures - Security Events (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（三）《事件管理办法》、《事件管理办法安全事件实施细则（境外机构）（试行）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Event Management Measures was formulated in order to strengthen management of information system events, regulate fault events and monitor event handling procedures and effectively cope with events arising from the operation of information systems in a timely manner.	为了加强信息系统的事件管理，规范生产故障事件及监控事件处理流程，及时、有效地处理信息系统运行中发生的各类事件，制定了《事件管理办法》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures define the management process of reporting, acceptance, handling and feedback regarding events (excluding events in the process of R&D). Events are classified according to the level, extent or duration of impact, type of system or emergency level.	此管理办法中定义了对事件（不包括研发过程中的事件）报告、受理、处理、反馈的管理过程，事件可按影响程度、影响范围、影响时段和涉及系统类别、紧急程度进行分级。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further clarify overseas institutions’ duties regarding security events, strengthen management of security events and increase efficiency of event handling, the Implementation Rules for Event Management Measures - Security Incidents (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Event Management Measures.	为进一步明确境外机构在安全事件过程中的职责，加强安全事件管理，提高处理效率，依照《事件管理办法》，制定了《事件管理办法安全事件实施细则（境外机构）（试行）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These implementation rules define the management process of reporting, handling, feedback and tracking of security events in the information technology field of overseas institutions of ICBC.	此实施细则中定义了工商银行对境外机构内部的信息技术领域安全事件的报告、处理、反馈和跟踪的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Covered events are divided into security events and counterfeit E-banking.	涉及安全事件和假冒电子银行事件两个方面。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Security events within the responsibility of data centers are managed in accordance with the Implementation Rules for Event Management Measures - Security Events.	须由数据中心处理的安全事件按照《事件管理办法安全事件实施细则》进行管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Implementation Rules for Event Management Measures – Production Fault Events	（四）《事件管理办法生产故障事件实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further clarify roles and responsibilities regarding production fault events and enhance event management, the Implementation Rules for Event Management Measures - Production Fault Events was formulated in accordance with the Event Management Measures.	为进一步明确生产故障事件处理过程中各岗位的职责，加强事件管理，提高事件处理效率，依照《事件管理办法》，制定了《事件管理办法生产故障事件实施细则》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These implementation rules define the management process of reporting, acceptance, handling and feedback of production fault events.	此实施细则中定义了对生产故障事件的报告、受理、处理、反馈的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Implementation Rules for Event Management Measures – Service Demand Events	（五）《事件管理办法服务需求事件实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further clarify duties of all entities with respect to the handling of service demand events, enhance management of service demand events and increase the efficiency of service demand event handling, the Implementation Rules for Event Management Measures – Service demand Events was formulated in accordance with the Event Management Measures.	为了进一步明确各单位在服务需求事件处理过程中的职责，加强服务需求事件管理，提高服务需求事件处理效率，依照《事件管理办法》，制定了《事件管理办法服务需求事件实施细则》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These implementation rules define the management process of application, approval, acceptance and handling of service demand events in the production systems.	此实施细则中定义了对生产系统发生服务需求事件的申请、审批、受理、处理的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vi. Problem Management Measures and Implementation Rules of Problem Management Measures – Production Problems	（六）《问题管理办法》、《问题管理办法生产问题实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to enhance problem management of information systems, regulate problem handling procedures, analyze the primary causes for all events in an in-depth manner and put in place essential precautions and solutions to prevent recurrence of events, the Problem Management Measures and the Implementation Rules of Problem Management Measures – Production Problems were formulated.	为了加强信息系统的问题管理，规范问题处理流程，深入分析各类事件的根本原因，落实根本防范和解决措施，防范事件的再次发生，制定了《问题管理办法》及《问题管理办法生产问题实施细则》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures and implementation rules define the management process of reporting, acceptance, handling and feedback of all problems about production environment.	此管理办法及实施细则中定义了对生产环境发生的各类问题的报告、受理、解决和反馈的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vii. Change Management Measures and Implementation Rules of Change Management Measures – Production Changes	（七）《变更管理办法》、《变更管理办法生产变更实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to enhance change management of information systems of ICBC, improve service demand response, regulate handling procedures, allocate resources reasonably and effectively and prevent risk, the Change Management Measures and the Implementation Rules of Change Management Measures – Production Changes were formulated.	为了加强工商银行信息系统的变更管理和服务需求响应，规范处理流程，合理、有效调配资源，防范风险，制定了《变更管理办法》及《变更管理办法生产变更实施细则》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures and implementation rules define the management process of application, acceptance, preparation for implementation, formulation of plan, approval, implementation, check, verification, examination and feedback with respect to production changes as well as response preparation, formulation of plan, approval, handling, check, verification, examination and feedback with respect to service demand.	此管理办法及实施细则中定义了生产变更的申请、受理、实施准备、方案制定、审批、实施、复核、验证、检查和反馈以及服务需求响应准备、方案制定、审批、处理、复核、验证、检查和反馈等的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
viii. Emergency Management Measures, Implementation Rules for Emergency Management Measures – Non-disaster Preparation Emergency and Implementation Rules for Emergency Management Measures – Disaster Preparation Emergency	（八）《应急管理办法》、《应急管理办法非灾备应急实施细则》、《应急管理办法灾备应急实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Emergency Management Measures was formulated in order to regulate emergency management of information systems of ICBC, effectively respond to all emergencies, recover external services quickly and ensure security, stability and continuity of information systems.	为了规范工商银行信息系统应急管理工作，有效应对各种紧急情况，快速恢复对外服务，保障信息系统安全、稳定、持续运行，制定了《应急管理办法》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures define the management process of formulation of the emergency response plan, emergency drill, triggering of emergency response and emergency handling.	此管理办法中定义了对应急预案编制、应急演练、应急启动、应急处理的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Emergency Management Measures – Non-disaster Preparation Emergency was formulated in accordance with the Emergency Management Measures in order to regulate non-disaster preparation emergency management of information systems of ICBC, further clarify functions of all entities with respect to non-disaster preparation emergency management, effectively respond to all emergencies, recover external services quickly and ensure security, stability and continuity of information systems.	为了规范工商银行信息系统非灾备应急管理工作，进一步明确各单位在非灾备应急管理工作中的职能，有效应对各种紧急情况，快速恢复对外服务，保障信息系统安全、稳定、持续运行，依照《应急管理办法》，制定了《应急管理办法非灾备应急实施细则》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Emergency Management Measures – Disaster Preparation Emergency was formulated in accordance with the Emergency Management Measures in order to regulate environmental management of the disaster backup and recovery system, routine maintenance and the triggering process of disaster recovery, ensure that key operations of the Bank can be restored to normal status as soon as possible after any disaster event takes place and minimize the loss the Bank incurs due to disaster events.	为规范灾难备份及恢复系统的环境管理、日常维护及灾难恢复启动流程，确保当灾难事件发生时能够尽快恢复我行关键业务的正常运行，最大限度地降低灾难事件给我行造成的损失，依照《应急管理办法》，制定《应急管理办法灾备应急实施细则》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ix. Data Management Measures and Implementation Rules for Data Management Measures	（九）《数据管理办法》、《数据管理办法实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to strengthen data management, regulate data backup, recovery, storage, spot check, use, cleaning, transfer and destruction (including degaussing) and ensure integrity, secrecy and availability of data, the Data Management Measures and the Implementation Rules for Data Management Measures were formulated.	为了加强数据管理，规范数据备份、恢复、保管、抽检、使用、清理、转存、销毁（含消磁）等行为，确保各类数据的完整性、保密性和可用性，制定了《数据管理办法》及《数据管理办法实施细则》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The measures and implementation rules define the process of managing data backup, recovery, storage, spot check, use, cleaning, transfer and destruction.	此管理办法及实施细则中定义了对数据备份、恢复、保管、抽检、使用、清理、转存和销毁等的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
x. Computer Room Management Measures and Implementation Rules for the Computer Room Management Measures (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（十）《机房管理办法》、《机房管理办法实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Computer Room Management Measures was formulated in order to regulate management of computer rooms of ICBC, improve computer room management by clarifying duties regarding management of computer room environment and facilities and computer room safety management and ensure stable operation of all computer facilities in the computer room.	为了规范工商银行计算机设备机房的管理，通过明确机房环境设施管理、机房安全管理等各项管理职责，提高机房管理水平，确保计算机设备机房中的各类计算机设备稳定运行，制定了《机房管理办法》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The measures define the process of technical management of coMputer room environment and facilities and management of computer room safety.	此管理办法中定义了对机房环境设施技术管理和机房安全防范管理等管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate management of computer rooms of overseas institutions, the Implementation Rules for the Computer Room Management Measures (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Computer Room Management Measures of the Head Office, having regard to particular conditions of overseas institutions.	为了规范境外机构计算机设备机房的管理，根据总行《机房管理办法》，结合境外机构实际情况，制定了《机房管理办法实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The measures define the process of technical management of computer room environment and facilities of overseas institutions and management of computer room safety.	此实施细则定义了对境外机构机房环境设施技术管理和机房安全防范管理等管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xi. Operation Monitoring Management Measures - Management Handbook for Open Platform System Monitoring	（十一）《运行监控管理办法开放平台系统监控管理手册》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to improve bank-wide management of the operation monitoring of open platform systems, enhance the fault response capability and regulate bank-wide management of the system for centralized monitoring of open platforms, the Operation Monitoring Management Measures - Management Handbook for Open Platform System Monitoring was formulated in accordance with the Operation Monitoring Management Measures.	为提高全行开放平台系统运行监控管理，提升故障响应能力，规范全行开放平台集中监控系统运行管理工作，依照《运行监控管理办法》，制定了《运行监控管理办法开放平台系统监控管理手册》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of routine maintenance, use, monitoring and handling with respect to the open platform server monitoring system of information systems.	此手册定义了信息系统开放平台服务器监控系统日常维护、使用、监控及处理的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xii. Operation Monitoring Management Measures - Management Handbook for Security Monitoring	（十二）《运行监控管理办法安全监控管理手册》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to improve bank-wide information security management techniques, strengthen operation monitoring, enhance the malfunction response capability and regulate bank-wide operation and management of the information security monitoring system, Operation Monitoring Management Measures - Management Handbook for Security Monitoring was formulated in accordance with the Operation Monitoring Management Measures.	为提高全行信息安全管理技术水平，加强运行监控，提升故障响应能力，规范全行信息安全监控系统运行管理工作，依照《运行监控管理办法》，制定了《运行监控管理办法安全监控管理手册》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of routine maintenance, use, monitoring and handling with respect to anti-virus monitoring and intrusion protection monitoring.	此手册定义了对防病毒监控、入侵防护监控的日常维护、使用、监控及处理的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xiii. Management Handbook for Version Launch (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（十三）《版本投产管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further regulate version launch management of overseas institutions, reduce the risk in version launch, ensure smooth version launch and protect security and stability of information systems, the Management Handbook for Version Launch(Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Change Management Measures, Event Management Measures, Performance and Capacity Management Measures, Science & Technology Project Management Measures, Software Product Management Measures and their implementation rules.	为了进一步规范境外机构版本投产管理工作，降低版本投产风险，保障版本投产工作顺利开展，确保信息系统的安全稳定运行，依据《变更管理办法》、《事件管理办法》、《性能和容量管理办法》、《科技项目管理办法》、《软件产品管理办法》及其实施细则，制定了《版本投产管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of the launch organization and implementation as well as post-launch verification and monitoring of comprehensive, ordinary and production patch versions of ICBC information systems in overseas institutions.	此管理手册中定义了对工商银行综合和普通版本、生产补丁版本在境外机构的投产组织和实施、投产后跟踪验证和监控等的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xiv. Management Handbook for Network Technical Supports (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（十四）《网络技术支持管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further regulate network management processes of overseas institutions, the Management Handbook for Network Technical Supports (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Event Management Measures, the Change Management Measures and the Science & Technology Project Management Measures and with reference to the Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management, combining particular conditions of overseas institutions.	为了进一步规范境外机构网络管理流程，依据《事件管理办法》、《变更管理办法》、《科技项目管理办法》，参照《信息系统安全管理实施细则》的要求，结合境外机构实际情况，制定了《网络技术支持管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of network technical supports and management of overseas institutions.	此管理手册中定义了对境外机构的网络技术支持和管理的过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Project Management	三、项目管理类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Management Measures on Initiation of Science & Technology Projects, Implementation Rules for Management Measures on Initiation of Science & Technology Projects (Head Office) and Implementation Rules for Management Measures on Initiation of Science & Technology Projects (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（一）《科技项目立项管理办法》、《科技项目立项管理办法实施细则（总行）》、《科技项目立项管理办法实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to promote scientific and standardized management of the initiation of the Bank’s science & technology projects and continuously improve efficiency and quality, the Management Measures on Initiation of Science & Technology Projects and their implementation rules were formulated.	为促进我行科技项目立项管理工作的科学化和规范化，不断提高效率和质量，制定《科技项目立项管理办法》及其实施细则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Management Measures on Initiation of Science & Technology Projects (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) mainly define the management process of the application for and approval of science & technology projects of overseas institutions, issuance of assignment letter and project changes as well as the issuance of assignment letter and project changes for product R&D projects.	《科技项目立项管理办法实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》主要定义了对境外机构科技项目立项申请和审批、任务书下达和项目变更，以及产品研发类项目的任务书下达、项目变更等的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Science & Technology Project Management Measures, Implementation Rules for Science & Technology Project Management Measures - Application R&D, Research and Project Implementation (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) and Implementation Rules for Science & Technology Project Management Measures – Procurement (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（二）《科技项目管理办法》、《科技项目管理办法应用研发类、研究及工程实施类项目实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》、《科技项目管理办法采购类项目实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Science & Technology Project Management Measures were formulated in order to increase the regularity of science & technology project management of ICBC and clarify the content and process of science & technology project management.	为了加强工商银行科技项目管理工作的规范性，明确科技项目管理的内容和流程，制定了《科技项目管理办法》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures define the management process of the engineering and management activities regarding science & technology projects.	此管理办法中定义了对科技项目工程活动和管理活动的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to strengthen management of application R&D, research, project implementation and procurement project and clarify specific procedures for managing various types of projects of overseas institutions, the Implementation Rules for Science & Technology Project Management Measures - Application R&D, Research and Project Implementation (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) and the Implementation Rules for Science & Technology Project Management Measures – Procurement (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Science & Technology Project Management Measures.	为了应用研发类、研究及工程实施类项目、加强采购类项目管理，明确境外机构各类项目管理的具体流程，依据《科技项目管理办法》，制定了《科技项目管理办法应用研发类、研究及工程实施类项目实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》、《科技项目管理办法采购类项目实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Implementation Rules for Testing Management Measures on Application R&D Projects - Acceptance Check and Adaptability Test (Head Office)	（三）《应用研发类项目测试管理办法验收及适应性测试实施细则（总行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to strengthen control of the acceptance check and adaptability testing of software products and further clarify the duties, procedures and management requirements of relevant departments with respect to acceptance check and adaptability testing, the Implementation Rules for Testing Management Measures on Application R&D Projects – Acceptance Check and Adaptability Test (Head Office) were formulated in accordance with the Testing Management Measures on Application R&D Projects.	为了加强软件产品验收及适应性测试过程的控制，进一步明确各部门在验收测试和适应性测试工作中的职责、流程和管理要求，依据《应用研发类项目测试管理办法》，制定了《应用研发类项目测试管理办法验收及适应性测试实施细则（总行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These implementation rules define the management process of application for testing, shift of testing to earlier stages, test initiation and preparation, test execution, test problem management, test changes, test summary and launch confirmation with respect to the acceptance check and adaptability testing of software projects.	此细则中定义了对软件产品的验收及适应性测试申请、测试前移、测试启动与准备、测试执行、测试问题管理、测试变更、测试总结与投产确认等的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions shall pay extra attention to management requirements in this handbook relating to departments participating in the test.	境外机构应重点关注此管理手册中对参测部门的相关管理要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Software Product Management Measures, Implementation Rules for Software Product Management Measures - Self-developed Software Products (Head Office)	（四）《软件产品管理办法》、《软件产品管理办法自主研发软件产品管理实施细则（总行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to enhance management of software products bank-wide, increase the scientific, standardized and systematic level of software product management of ICBC and improve the bank-wide capability of software product management, the Software Product Management Measures and its implementation rules were formulated.	为了加强全行软件产品的管理，促进工商银行软件产品管理工作的科学化、规范化、制度化，提高全行软件产品管理的水平，制定了《软件产品管理办法》及实施细则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Software Product Management Measures define the management process of the entire life cycle of self-developed and purchased software products, including product planning, delivery, release and use.	《软件产品管理办法》中定了对自主研发软件产品以及外购软件产品软件生命周期的管理过程，包括：软件产品的规划、计划、交付、发布、使用等过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Software Product Management Measures - Self-developed Software Products (Head Office) further clarify the duties, procedures and management requirements of all entities with respect to managing self-developed software products.	《软件产品管理办法自主研发软件产品管理实施细则（总行）》则进一步地明确了各级单位在自主研发软件产品管理工作中的职责、流程和管理要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Overseas institutions shall pay extra attention to requirements relating to the release and use of software products.	境外机构应重点关注软件产品的发布及使用的相关要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Management Handbook for Network and Network Security Equipment Software Versions	（五）《网络及网络安全设备软件版本管理手册》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate the bank-wide use and management process of network and network security equipment software versions, clarify duties of all network management units with regard to network version management, promote bank-wide consistency of network and network security equipment software versions, reduce the types and quantity of network versions, increase the stability of networks and network security equipment and mitigate version risk, the Management Handbook for Network and Network Security Equipment Software Versions was formulated in accordance with the Software Product Management Measures and the Implementation Rules for Software Product Management Measures - Purchased Software Products (Head Office).	为规范全行网络及网络安全设备软件版本的使用及管理流程，明确各级网络管理单位在网络版本管理过程中的职责，促进全行网络及网络安全设备软件版本的规范统一，减少网络版本种类和数量，提高网络及网络安全设备运行稳定性，降低版本运行风险，依据《软件产品管理办法》、《软件产品管理办法外购软件产品管理实施细则（总行）》，制定《网络及网络安全设备软件版本管理手册》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of planning, assessment, testing, release, launch and use of the network versions.	此手册定义了网络版本规划管理、评估管理、测试管理、发布管理、投产管理、使用管理等过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. General Management	四、综合管理类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Management Measures on Science & Technology Regulations	（一）《科技制度管理办法》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to boost scientificity, normalization and quality of bank-wide management of science & technology regulations, the Management Measures on Science & Technology Regulations was formulated.	为了加强科技制度管理的科学性、规范性，提高全行科技制度管理工作质量，制定了《科技制度管理办法》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures define the management process of planning, development, revision, review, release, training, implementation, evaluation and continuous improvement of science & technology regulations. 	此管理办法定义了对科技制度的规划、编制、修订、评审、发布、培训、执行、评价及持续改进的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Management Measures on Technical Specifications	（二）《技术规范管理办法》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to boost scientific and normalized management of technical standards of ICBC, improve the efficiency and quality of managing technical standards bank-wide and enable all units to observe the principle of performing respective duties under centralized management with respect to managing technical standards, the Management Measures on Technical Standards were formulated.	为了促进工商银行技术规范管理科学化、规范化，提高全行技术规范管理的工作效率和质量，使各单位在技术规范管理工作中遵循各司其职、各负其责、统一管理的原则，制定了《技术规范管理办法》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures define the management process of technical standards used bank-wide.	此管理办法定义了对全行范围内使用的技术规范的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Management Measures on Science & Technology Assessment, Implementation Rules for Management Measures on Science & Technology Assessment (Tier-1 Branches, Directly Subordinate Branches and Overseas Institutions) and Implementation Rules for Management Measures on Science & Technology Assessment (Directly Subordinate Institutions)	（三）《科技考评管理办法》、《科技考评管理办法实施细则（一级分行、直属分行、境外机构）》、《科技考评管理办法实施细则（直属机构）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further strengthen the supervision, inspection and assessment of bank-wide IT work, comprehensively evaluate performance of all IT departments and promote continuous improvement in IT management bank-wide, the Management Measures on Science & Technology Assessment and its implementation rules were formulated.	为了进一步加强对全行信息科技工作的监督、检查和考评，全面评价各科技部门工作完成情况，促进全行科技管理水平不断提高，制定了《科技考评管理办法》及实施细则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures define the organization and implementation process of evaluation, scoring, reporting, verification and summarization with respect to the performance of IT departments.	此管理办法中定义了对各科技部门工作完成情况进行评价、评分、报送、验证、汇总的组织实施过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Management Measures on Science & Technology Assessment (Tier-1 Branches, Directly Subordinate Branches and Overseas Institutions) define the assessment details for overseas institutions.	《科技考评管理办法实施细则（一级分行、直属分行、境外机构）》中定义对境外机构的考评内容。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Management Measures on Science & Technology Assessment (Directly Subordinate Institutions) define the assessment details for directly subordinate institutions, including assessment that shall be conducted by overseas institutions.	《科技考评管理办法实施细则（直属机构）》中定义了对直属机构的考评内容，包括境外机构负责评价的内容。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iv. Management Measures on Science & Technology Advancement Awards, Implementation Rules for Management Measures on Science & Technology Advancement Awards	（四）《科技进步推动奖管理办法》、《科技进步推动奖管理办法实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to drive science & technology development, boost technological competitiveness, improve technological incentive mechanism and regulate the management of science & technology advancement awards of ICBC, the Management Measures on Science & Technology Advancement Awards and its implementation rules were formulated.	为了推进工商银行科技发展进程，增强科技竞争力，完善科技激励机制，规范科技进步推动奖管理工作，制定了《科技进步推动奖管理办法》及实施细则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures and implementation rules define the management process of application, review, approval and implementation with respect to the science & technology advancement awards.	此管理办法及实施细则中定义了对科技进步推动奖的申报、评审、报批、实施等管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
v. Science & Technology Inspection Management Measures, Implementation Rules for Science & Technology Inspection Management Measures - Internal Inspection	（五）《科技检查管理办法》、《科技检查管理办法内部检查实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate internal science & technology inspection and assist in internal and external auditing across the whole bank, clarify duties of departments and effectively inspect and evaluate IT work and conformity of relevant regulations and standards and promote continuous improvement in IT management and internal control, the Science & Technology Inspection Management Measures and its implementation rules were formulated.	为了规范全行科技内部检查和配合内外部检查审计工作，明确各部门职责，有效检查和评价信息科技工作情况与有关制度、规范要求的符合性，促进信息科技管理和内部控制持续改进和完善，制定了《科技检查管理办法》及实施细则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures and implementation rules define the management process of planning, preparation, implementation, reporting, and correction tracking with respect to internal information technology inspection (“IT Inspection”).	此管理办法及实施细则中定义了对信息科技专业内部检查（简称“科技检查”）工作的计划、准备、实施、报告和整改跟踪等管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vi. Computer Equipment Management Measures, Implementation Rules for Computer Equipment Management Measures (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（六）《计算机设备管理办法》、《计算机设备管理办法实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further regulate the bank-wide management of computer equipment assets and their use and maintenance, clarify management duties, ensure stability and reliability of equipment and maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of equipment use, the Computer Equipment Management Measures were formulated in accordance with the Administrative Measures on the Fixed Assets of ICBC.	为了进一步规范全行计算机设备资产管理及使用维护管理工作，明确管理责任，保证设备稳定可靠运行，最大限度发挥设备使用效益，依据《中国工商银行固定资产管理办法》，制定了《计算机设备管理办法》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures define the management process of the entire life cycle of computer equipment.	此管理办法中定义了对计算机设备整个生命周期的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further regulate management of computer equipment assets of overseas institutions and their use and maintenance, the Implementation Rules for Computer Equipment Management Measures (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Computer Equipment Management Measures, combining the particular conditions of overseas institutions.	为了进一步规范境外机构计算机设备资产管理及使用维护管理工作，依据《计算机设备管理办法》，结合境外机构实际情况，制定了《计算机设备管理办法实施细则（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These implementation rules define the management process of the entire life cycle of computer equipment of overseas institutions, including planning management, usage request management, procurement management, contract management, acceptance check and installation management, usage maintenance management, warehouse management, allocation and transfer management, inventory & disposal management and resource management.	此实施细则中定义了境外机构对计算机设备的整个生命周期的管理过程，包括计算机设备的计划管理、使用申请管理、采购管理、合同管理、验收安装管理、使用维护管理、库房管理、调配迁移管理、盘点处置管理、资源管理等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
vii. Technological Documentation Management Measures, Implementation Rules for Technological Documentation Management Measures	（七）《科技文档管理办法》、《科技文档管理办法实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate technological documentation management of ICBC, establish the comprehensive technological documentation management system of ICBC, effectively protect and use bank-wide technological documentation resources and provide services for science & technology management and business development of ICBC, the Technological Documentation Management Measures and its implementation rules were formulated in accordance with the Archives Law of the People's Republic of China and ICBC rules governing archives management.	为规范工商银行科技文档管理工作，建立工商银行综合科技文档管理体系，有效保护和利用全行科技文档资源，为工商银行科技管理和业务发展提供服务，根据《中华人民共和国档案法》和工商银行档案管理工作的相关规定，制定了《科技文档管理办法》及实施细则。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures and implementation rules define the management process of collection, sort-out, handover, filing, storage, use, identification and destruction of technological document.	此管理办法及实施细则中定义了对科技文档的收集、整理、移交、归档、保管、使用、鉴定和销毁等管理的过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
viii. Computer Anti-virus Management Handbook (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（八）《计算机防病毒管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further strengthen anti-virus management of computer information systems of overseas institutions and clarify anti-virus operation and management requirements, the Computer Anti-virus Management Handbook (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management.	为了进一步加强境外机构计算机信息系统防病毒管理，明确防病毒运行管理工作要求，依据《信息系统安全管理实施细则》，制定了《计算机防病毒管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of anti-virus framework and virus events in the computer information systems of overseas institutions. 	此管理手册中定义了对境外机构计算机信息系统中的防病毒体系和病毒事件的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ix. Management Handbook for Computer Vulnerability Scanning (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（九）《计算机漏洞扫描管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to strengthen information security management and remote technical supports of overseas institutions and effectively carry out computer vulnerability scanning, relevant off-site inspection and other security control measures, the Management Handbook for Computer Vulnerability Scanning (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)was formulated in accordance with the Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management.	为了加强对境外机构信息安全管理和远程技术支持，有效实施计算机安全漏洞扫描及相关非现场检查等安全控制措施，依据《信息系统安全管理实施细则》，制定了《计算机漏洞扫描管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of off-site security inspections for the computer security and vulnerability management of overseas institutions.	此管理手册中定义了对境外机构实施计算机安全漏洞管理的非现场安全检查的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
x. Management Handbook for Cooperation with Internal and External Audit (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（十）《配合内外部审计管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to strengthen information security management of internal and external IT audit of overseas institutions, the Management Handbook for Cooperation with Internal and External Audit (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated with reference to the Science & Technology Inspection Management Measures, Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management and combining the particular conditions of overseas institutions.	为了加强境外机构接受内外部信息科技审计的信息安全管理，参照《科技检查管理办法》、《信息系统安全管理实施细则》的要求，结合境外机构实际情况，制定了《配合内外部审计管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of overseas institutions’ cooperation with internal and external IT audits.	此管理手册中定义了对境外机构配合内外部信息科技审计的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xi. Management Handbook for Remote Technical Supports (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（十一）《远程技术支持管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to safeguard normal functioning of the remote technical support system and ensure effective provision of remote technical supports for overseas institutions, the Management Handbook for Remote Technical Supports (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)was formulated in accordance with the Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management, Event Management Measures, Change Management Measures, Science & Technology Project Management Measures and their implementation rules, and combining the particular conditions of overseas institutions.	为了保障远程技术支持系统的正常运作，确保对境外机构远程技术支持工作得以有效开展，依据《信息系统安全管理实施细则》、《事件管理办法》、《变更管理办法》、《科技项目管理办法》及相关实施细则，结合境外机构实际情况，制定了《远程技术支持管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of remote technical supports for overseas institutions with respect to their office environment and production environment, including office system, application system and network system.	此管理手册中定义了对境外机构办公环境和生产环境远程技术支持的管理过程，包括办公系统，应用系统和网络系统等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xii. Management Handbook for General Terminal Security	（十二）《通用终端安全管理手册》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate the centralized management of terminal systems, the Management Handbook for General Terminal Security was formulated in accordance with the Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management.	为规范通用终端系统的统一管理，依照《信息系统安全管理实施细则》，制定了《通用终端安全管理手册》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The management handbook defines the security management in the process of installation, configuration and maintenance of general terminal systems.	此管理手册中定义了对通用终端系统的安装、配置和维护过程中的安全管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xiii. Management Handbook for Key Resources	（十三）《密钥资源管理手册》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to enhance management of key resources of information systems and ensure the security and secrecy of key resources, the Management Handbook for Key Resources was formulated in accordance with the Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management.	为了强化信息系统密钥资源的管理，确保密钥资源的安全性、保密性，依照《信息系统安全管理实施细则》，制定了《密钥资源管理手册》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of key resources of information systems for the commercial purpose of the Bank managed by IT departments.	此管理手册定义了对信息科技部门管理的、用于我行商业用途的信息系统密钥资源的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xiv. Management Handbook for NOTES Mailboxes	（十四）《NOTES邮箱管理手册》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to regulate the bank-wide use and management of NOTES mailboxes and promote reasonable use of NOTES resources, the Management Handbook for NOTES Mailboxes was formulated in accordance with the Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management.	为规范全行NOTES 邮箱的使用和管理，促进NOTES系统资源的合理利用，依照《信息系统安全管理实施细则》，制定《NOTES邮箱管理手册》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the process of registration and changes of NOTES mailboxes, use and management of mailboxes, mails management and mailbox password management.	此管理手册定义了对NOTES邮箱的注册与变更、邮箱的使用与管理、邮件的管理、邮箱密码的管理等过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xv. Management Handbook for Information System Users (Overseas Institutions) (Trial)	（十五）《信息系统用户管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to further enhance management of information system users, improve the security management of information system users of overseas institutions and ensure persons having access to information system resources operate in accordance with specified authority limits and duties, the Management Handbook for Information System Users (Overseas Institutions) (Trial) was formulated in accordance with the Implementation Rules for Information System Security Management.	为进一步加强信息系统用户管理，提高境外机构信息系统用户的安全管理水平，确保信息系统资源访问人员按照规定的权限和工作职责进行操作，依照《信息系统安全管理实施细则》，制定了《信息系统用户管理手册（境外机构）（试行）》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The handbook defines the management process of application, use, change and deregistration with respect to users of overseas institutions’ information systems, including production server users, network user and office client-side users.	此管理手册定义了对境外机构信息系统各类用户的申请、使用、变更和注销的管理过程。 包括生产服务器用户、网络用户、办公客户端用户等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
xvi. Management Measures on Science & Technology Outsourcing	（十六）《科技外包管理办法》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Management Measures on Science & Technology Outsourcing was formulated in order to further regulate science & technology outsourcing management and clarify processes and requirements regarding science & technology outsourcing management.	为了进一步规范科技外包管理工作，明确科技外包管理的相关流程和要求，制定了《科技外包管理办法》。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These measures define the management process of introduction, use and risk control of science & technology outsourcing.	此管理办法定义了科技外包的引入、使用、风险控制的管理过程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. Regulations on Information Security Management Applicable to Overseas Institutions	五、适用于境外机构的信息安全管理类制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC always attaches great importance to the protection of information security. In recent years, with regard to security management, a series of directive documents have been issued to provide guidance on security of information systems of ICBC, including the Standard for the Security Framework of Information and Information Systems, the Guidelines on Security Classification of Information and Information Systems and the Implementation Measures on Classified Protection of Information and Information Systems.	工商银行一贯重视信息安全保障工作，近年来在安全管理方面制定和颁布了《信息系统信息及信息系统安全体系规范》、《信息及信息系统安全定级指南》和《信息及信息系统安全等级保护实施办法》等一系列指导工商银行信息系统安全建设的指导性文件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Based on these framework documents, ICBC formulated the Management Measures on Security of Information and Information Systems and the Management Measures on the Electronic Documents Security Control System of ICBC with respect to information and information systems and security management of electronic documents, respectively, setting out the management procedures, duties and requirements under different work scenarios.	以这些纲领性文件为核心，工商银行针对信息及信息系统、电子文件的保密管理分别制定了《信息及信息系统安全管理办法》、《中国工商银行电子文件安全控制系统管理办法》等管理制度，对不同工作场景下的管理流程、职责和要求分别进行了规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Management Measures on Security of Information and Information Systems	（一）《信息及信息系统安全管理办法》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Management Measures on Security of Information and Information Systems describe the general requirements and duties of relevant departments on security management of information and information systems.	《信息和信息系统安全管理办法》描述了相关部门在信息和信息系统安全管理方面的职责和总体要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In accordance with the measures, a series of implementation rules applicable to the whole bank were formulated, including the Implementation Rules for Management of Application System Information Protection, the Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Systems, the Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Internet Access and the Implementation Rules for Client-side Information Leak Protection Management. Function-specific rules and handbooks were also developed based on actual conditions.	依据该办法主要制定适用于全行的《应用系统信息保护管理实施细则》、《客户端系统安全管理实施细则》、《客户端互联网访问安全管理实施细则》、《客户端信息防泄漏管理实施细则》等实施细则，各专业也结合实际情况制定了一些本专业适用的细则和手册。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Implementation Rules for Management of Application System Information Protection	。 1.《应用系统信息保护管理实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These rules were formulated for the purpose of enhancing management of application system information protection, regulating the process of information security management, establishing and improving the mechanism for information security management, clarifying security management duties, preventing information security risk and ensuring security of information displayed to users in the Bank’s application systems.	该细则的目标在于加强应用系统信息保护管理，规范信息的安全管理过程，建立、健全信息安全管理机制，明确安全管理职责，防范信息安全风险，确保我行应用系统中面向用户展示信息的安全。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These rules define roles and responsibilities of departments with respect to information protection of application systems in line with the internal organizational structure of ICBC.	细则根据工商银行的内部组织架构，对各部门在应用系统信息保护工作的职责及分工进行了定义。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
These rules also set out the main grounds and methods for information security classification and, based on information security classification, classify information displayed in systems into ordinary protection class and extra protection class.	规定了信息保护级别划分的主要依据和方法，并且在信息安全等级划分的基础上，将系统展示信息分为普通保护级和重点保护级。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to such classification, these rules develop the security policy database for information displayed in systems and require that the information displayed in all application systems should be protected in accordance with the information security policies.	根据这些级别，细则中分别拟定了系统展示信息安全策略库，并要求各应用系统展示信息的保护应依据信息安全策略来进行实施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Management of Application System Information Protection defines the management and procedures of information protection in the whole life cycle of application systems, including requirement defining, design, development and use.	《应用系统信息保护管理实施细则》根据应用系统的整个生命周期，对需求定义、设计、开发、投入使用等各个阶段中，信息保护的管理及实施流程均分别进行了规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Systems	2．《客户端系统安全管理实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Systems require that only ICBC-authorized operating systems and application software can be installed on the client side, users are prohibited from installing or using any unauthorized software on the client side, and the installation of multiple operating systems and virtual machine software shall be strictly controlled.	《客户端系统安全管理实施细则》要求：客户端只能安装、使用工商银行授权使用的操作系统和应用软件，禁止用户在客户端上安装、使用各类非授权软件；并严格控制安装多操作系统和虚拟机软件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Client-side unauthorized software management refers to prohibiting users from installing or using unauthorized software by managerial and technical means and keeping a record of user attempts to use unauthorized software.	客户端非授权软件管理指通过管理和技术手段禁止用户安装和运行非授权软件，并记录尝试使用非授权软件的用户行为。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Unauthorized software refer to operating systems and application software that are not authorized by the Head Office, including operating systems used without authorization, free software, purchased software and pirated software.	非授权软件指未经过总行授权使用的操作系统和应用软件，包括未经批准就使用的操作系统、各类免费软件、自行购买的软件、盗版软件等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In accordance with relevant provisions of the Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Systems, all entities shall restrict the installation of software at the production terminals by centralizing the power to manage system administrator IDs. Unauthorized software management on the office client-side shall be carried out through comprehensive management measures, including “black and white lists”.	根据《客户端系统安全管理实施细则》中的相关规定，各单位应该通过上收系统管理员账号等管理措施限制生产终端的软件安装；通过“黑白名单”等综合管理措施，实施办公客户端的非授权软件管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, these rules also define the technical measures for “black and white lists”, strategy management procedures and exception management procedures.	同时，该细则还定义了“黑白名单”的控制实现技术措施、策略管理流程和例外管理流程。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Client-side hardware peripherals management refer to controlling and recording the use of hardware peripherals by managerial and technical means, including USB ports, CD-ROM devices, floppy devices, Bluetooth devices, infrared devices, modem devices and 1394 Port.	客户端硬件外设管理指通过管理和技术手段控制、记录USB端口、光驱设备、软驱设备、蓝牙设备、红外设备、调制解调设备、1394端口等硬件外设的使用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The client-side intrusion protection management refers to protecting the client side from Intranet and Internet intrusion by using the client-side intrusion protection software.	客户端入侵防护管理是指通过客户端入侵防护软件保护客户端免遭来自内网或外网的非法网络入侵。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
All entities shall analyze their client-side intrusion protection logs and make clear whether their client side is often in a high-risk network.	各单位应分析本单位客户端的入侵防护日志，了解本单位客户端是否经常处于高风险网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Internet Access	3.《客户端互联网访问安全管理实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internet access security management refers to restricting employers’ access to high-risk websites by technical and managerial means, automatically filtering viruses in visited web pages, limiting the time of Internet access and strengthening information security management.	互联网访问安全管理指通过各种技术和管理控制措施限制员工访问高风险网站，自动过滤正在访问网页的病毒，限制上网时间，强化信息安全管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Internet access is managed also on the basis of “black and white lists”. Mobile computers distributed by all entities shall be used only for business purposes of ICBC.	互联网访问同样采取“黑白名单”的管理方式，各单位配发的移动电脑仅供工商银行生产办公使用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The SEP software must be installed in all mobile computers connected to the Bank’s production and office networks. Only white list websites are accessible if mobile computers are carried away from office premises of the Bank.	接入行内生产办公网络的移动电脑需安装办公SEP软件，在离行后只能访问白名单网站。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If employees have to access Internet for work purposes, they should access Internet from the client side under the Internet cyber bar environment.	员工因工作需要访问互联网的，通过互联网网吧环境的客户端访问。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If SEP software is used to control the mobile computers’ access to VPN, only authorized network resources are accessible.	通过SEP软件控制移动电脑在接入VPN移动办公网络时，只能访问被授权访问的网络资源。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In addition, Data Leak Prevention (DLP) devices are installed at production Internet ports and cyber cafe ports of ICBC to filter and audit sensitive information in the Internet port traffic, so as to avoid divulgation of sensitive information.	同时，通过在工商银行生产互联网出口、网吧出口等位置部署信息泄漏防护设备（DLP设备）实现对互联网出口网络流量中敏感信息的过滤审计，避免敏感信息非法外泄的可能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Information	4.《客户端信息防泄漏安全管理实施细则》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The office client-side information security management is to protect information from leakage by means of sensitive information scanning of client hard disks, examination of offline client-side data transmission, monitoring of outgoing emails, control of mobile storage devices and password-based protection of mobile computer hard disks.	办公客户端信息防泄漏安全管理通过对客户端硬盘进行敏感信息扫描、对离线客户端数据传输进行检查、对外发邮件的监控管理、移动存储设备的使用控制、移动电脑硬盘实施密码保护管理等方式实现信息泄漏的安全防护。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Security Management of Client-side Information defines the management requirements, scanning strategy, irregularity handling and exceptions management with respect to office client-side information security.	《客户端信息防泄漏安全管理实施细则》定义了办公客户端信息防泄漏的管理要求、扫描策略、违规处理及例外管理情况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Such rigid control measures as office client-side sensitive information scanning and offline data transmission are made in place by installing the DLP software on the office client side.	通过在办公客户端部署DLP信息泄漏防护工具客户端软件，实现在办公客户端的敏感信息扫描、离线数据传输等硬控制措施。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
During scanning of sensitive information in client-side hard disks, information stored in the office client-side hard disks is scanned according to the preset inspection strategy.	客户端硬盘敏感信息扫描通过预先设定的检查策略，对办公客户端硬盘上存储的内容进行扫描。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, with regard to client-side information security protection, the client-side printing, recording and plain text-based data copying to USB devices and data transmission during Internet access without being connected to the Intranet of ICBC are inspected according to preset inspection strategy. A record will be kept of violations of information security management requirements and a warning notice will be given to the relevant positions to prevent leakage of sensitive information.	同时，客户端信息泄漏防护通过预先设定的检查策略，对客户端打印、刻录和向U盘明文拷贝数据的情况，以及在未接入工商银行内网时的互联网访问过程中数据传输的情况进行检查，对其中违反信息防泄漏安全管理要求的行为进行记录，并向相关岗位发出报警通知，防范敏感信息泄漏。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Implementation Rules for Information Leak Protection Management requires that if external emails include sensitive information or deemed to be unknown document types that are not automatically identifiable by the password protection, encryption or other information security management systems, such mails will be automatically blocked and an email containing the context for key words of strategy violation will be issued to the information security management position for the sender.	《信息防泄漏管理实施细则》中规定外网邮件中包含敏感信息或包含密码保护、加密等信息防泄漏管理系统判定为无法自动识别的不明类型文件时，系统自动阻断该邮件，并向发件人所属的信息安全使用管理岗发出一封包含违反策略关键字上下文内容的邮件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, the system will provide “release” and “block” hyperlinks in the foregoing warning email for the information security management position to process the automatically blocked email.	同时，系统在上述告警信息邮件中提供“放行”、“阻断”的链接按钮，供信息安全使用管理岗对系统阻断邮件进行处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The information security management position shall make judgment according to the context or attachment provided in the warning email that may contain confidential information or violate relevant rules and release or block the email as appropriate.	信息安全使用管理岗要根据告警邮件中可能涉密、违规的上下文、附件内容等进行判断，实施放行或拦截操作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If the sender need re-send an automatically blocked email due to work needs, the Statement of External Email Control and Prevention Exceptions shall be filled out within five days and submitted to the supervisor for approval. If such exception is approved, the email may be re-sent and released by the information security management position.	在邮件被阻断后，发件人如确因工作需要，需继续发送被系统阻断的邮件，应在5日内填写《外网邮件防控例外事件说明表》，并提交本单位主管领导审核，审核同意后再次发送该邮件并由信息安全使用管理岗进行放行操作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
NOTES mailboxes that cannot be included in the external email security management for special reasons may be managed on the basis of black and white lists.	对于因特殊工作需要无法纳入到外网邮件信息防泄漏管理的NOTES邮箱，可按照白名单方式管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
White-listed emails shall be approved and registered.	白名单邮箱应该审批并备案。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The IT departments shall regularly monitor, analyze and improve the strategy and effectiveness of external email leakage control and prevention.	信息科技部门对于外网邮件的防控策略和防控效果定期监测、分析并完善。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The office client-side removable storage security management function is realized through the Electronic Document Security Management (DSM) system.	办公客户端移动存储安全管理功能通过电子文件安全控制（DSM）系统实现。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Removable media usable on the internal client side and those usable on the external client side are differentiated to strictly isolate information exchange between removable media and avoid possible leakage of sensitive information.	通过区分行内客户端上可以使用的移动介质和行外客户端上可以使用的移动介质，严格隔离信息的移动介质间交换，杜绝敏感信息的可能外泄情况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
To avoid the risk of information leakage due to loss of client-side computers, password protection must be provided for the local hard disks of office client-side mobile computers so that the hard disk password must be entered prior to access to hard disk data when the client-side computer is started up.	为避免因客户端电脑丢失等原因带来的信息泄漏风险，需要对移动办公客户端电脑的本地硬盘采取密码保护措施，在客户端电脑启动时需要输入硬盘访问密码方可正常读取硬盘上的数据内容。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Management Measures on the Electronic Document Security Management System of ICBC	（二）《中国工商银行电子文件安全控制系统管理办法》	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The Electronic Document Security Management (DSM) system must be installed on the office client side of ICBC.	工商银行办公客户端必须安装DSM电子文档安全管理系统。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The electronic document security management system enables encrypted storage of electronic documents containing business secrets and important information, which cannot be reproduced or printed by valid users without authorization or viewed by invalid users. Any operations regarding electronic documents containing business secrets and important information will be audited. In addition, the electronic document security management system provides authorization and encryption/decryption interfaces. It may be combined with application systems and automatically authorizes encryption according to application system needs and customizes the security protection strategy.	电子文件安全控制系统实现了涉及商业秘密和重要信息电子文件加密存储，合法用户未经授权无法复制、打印，非法用户无法浏览，对商业秘密和重要信息电子文件操作行为进行审计。 此外，电子文件安全控制系统提供授权和加解密接口，可以和应用系统结合，自动根据应用系统需求进行授权加密，定制安全保密策略。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The electronic document security management system, as the platform for centralized management of the Bank’s business secrets, enables full-lifecycle management of the Bank’s electronic documents ranging from generation to use and then destruction.	电子文件安全控制系统作为全行商业秘密统一管理平台，实现了全行电子文件从产生到使用直至销毁的全周期保密管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Employees shall, in compliance with the Management Measures on the Electronic Document Security Management System of ICBC (Trial) (G.YB.F. [2010] No. 297), apply authority control through the electronic document security management system when transmitting through NOTES emails, releasing through internal information bulletins, sharing among computers and storing any electronic documents containing business secrets and important information of ICBC in mobile or Internet-linked computers.	员工应严格按照《中国工商银行电子文件安全控制系统管理办法（试行）》（工银办发[2010]297号）要求，在通过NOTES邮件传递、内部信息园地发布、集中文档机共享以及用于移动办公或连接互联网的计算机内存储的涉及工商银行商业秘密和重要信息电子文件使用电子文件安全控制系统进行权限控制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
CHAPTER FOUR OVERSEAS PRODUCT SYSTEM OF ICBC	第四章 工商银行境外产品体系	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Being committed to providing customers with a full range of quality financial services and most excellent financial products, ICBC has actively extended its overseas competitive product lines and conducted product innovation according to the needs of customers and market in recent years.	近年来，工商银行坚持以提供全面优质金融服务、让客户用上最卓越金融产品为己任，积极延伸境内优势产品线，根据客户与市场需求开展产品创新，不断完善产品体系、优化产品功能与设计，推出具有较强市场竞争力的优势产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It kept improving product mix, optimized product functions and design, and launched competitive advantageous products in the market. By the end of 2011, ICBC had established 239 branches and outlets in 33 countries and regions outside China, and provided more than 300,000 individual and corporate customers in the markets outside the Chinese Mainland with diversified financial products and services, covering nearly 3,000 products in 11 categories such as deposits, loans, bankcards, e-banking, fund settlement, investment banking, asset management, private banking, asset custody and global cash management. ICBC depends on many channels, including operating outlets, internet banking, telephone banking and self-service terminals, to serve customers and satisfy their various financial needs.	截至2011年底，工商银行已在除中国以外的33个国家和地区设立了239个分支机构，向中国大陆境外市场30余万个人及企业客户提供着广泛的金融产品与服务，构建了涵盖存贷款、银行卡、电子银行、资金结算、投资银行、资产管理、私人银行、资产托管、全球现金管理等十一大类共计近3000个产品的产品体系，通过营业网点、网上银行、电话银行、自助终端等多种渠道服务客户，满足客户全方位的金融需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section One Deposit Products	第一节 存款产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Demand Deposits	一、活期存款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Demand deposit means a deposit product without a definite term that can be withdrawn at any time. Demand deposits are divided into demand deposits in savings account and demand deposits in current account.	活期存款是一种不限存期，支持随时存取的存款产品，活期存款可以分为储蓄活期存款和往来活期存款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Among them, deposits in current account may be entitled to apply for individual cheque, and corporate deposits in current account shall have the overdraft function.	其中，往来存款可申请个人支票，对公往来存款账户可具有透支功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
T he individual and corporate customers with idle funds and having high requirements on fund liquidity.	适用于有闲置资金，并对资金流动性要求较高的个人客户和企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. High convenience.	1.使用方便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Demand deposits can be used in such businesses as cash deposit and withdrawal, transfer and settlement, and are convenient for customers to use.	活期存款可用于现金存取、转账结算等业务，便于客户使用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Strong liquidity.	2.流动性强。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Demand deposits have strong liquidity as they can be withdrawn anytime via such channels as outlets and self-service terminals.	活期存款可随时通过网点、自助终端等渠道进行支取，资金流动性强。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Time Deposits	二、定期存款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Time deposit mean a bank deposit with term and interest rate specified by ICBC and the depositor in advance at the time of deposit, and the principal and interest thereof shall not be withdrawn before the due date.	定期存款是工商银行与存款人双方在存款时事先约定期限、利率，到期后支取本息的存款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Time deposits are divided into lump-sum time deposits, call deposits, irregular time deposits and installment time deposits depending on the differences in terms of rules on term and way of withdrawal.	根据期限约定、取款方式等方面的差别，定期存款又可以分为整存整取、通知存款、不规则定期存款、零存整取等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Among them, lump-sum deposit means a bank deposit whose term is prescribed at the time of deposit and principal is deposited on a lump-sum basis, and which can be withdrawn wholly or partly; call deposit means a bank deposit which does not specify a term at the time of deposit but specifies a notice period for withdrawal, and at the time of withdrawal, the depositor shall notify the operating outlet in advance within the specified period to specify the date and amount of withdrawal and withdraw the principal and interest depending on the deposit certificate; irregular time deposit means the time deposit business with different interest rates depending on the amount, currency and term of deposits; installment time deposit means a bank deposit business that a customer regularly deposits a specified amount and withdraws principal and interest on the due date.	其中整存整取存款是指在存款时约定存期，一次存入本金，全部或部分支取本金和利息的业务；通知存款是指在存入款项时不约定存期，但约定支取存款的通知期限，支取时按约定期限提前通知营业机构，约定支取存款的日期和金额，凭存款凭证支取本金和利息的业务；不规则定期存款是指根据客户存入金额、币种及存期的不同，给予客户不同利率的定期存款业务；零存整取存款是指为客户提供的一种定期存储一定金额，到期一次支取本息的业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The individual and corporate customers with idle funds but having no high requirements on fund liquidity.	适用于有闲置资金，并对资金流动性要求不高的个人客户和企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Relative high interest rate.	1.利率相对较高。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The interest rate of time deposits is higher than that of demand deposits, and the longer deposit term, the higher interest rate.	定期存款利率高于活期存款，存款存期越长，利率越高。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Stipulated renewal.	2.可约定转存。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A customer may stipulate the renewal term at the time of deposit, and the principal and after-tax interest of a time deposit can be automatically renewed on the due date according to the renewal term.	客户可在存款时约定转存期限，定期存款到期后的本金和税后利息将自动按转存期限续存。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Being used as collateral to obtain loans.	3.可质押贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
When a customer has a time deposit, if he is in urgent need of funds but is unwilling to withdraw the time deposit in advance or bear the interest cost for bank loan, he may apply for a time deposit-collateralized loan to obtain funds.	当客户持有定期存款时，如果急需资金，并且不希望提前支取定期存款或支付银行贷款的利息成本，则可以办理定期存款质押贷款，以及时获得资金。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Two Loan Products	第二节 贷款产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Personal Housing Loans	一、个人住房贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal housing loan means a loan granted by ICBC to a personal customer for purchase of housing, who shall use the house with property right as collateral for repayment of the loan.	个人住房贷款是指工商银行向个人客户发放的, 用于购买住房，并以其所购产权房为抵押物作为偿还贷款的担保的一种贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The personal customers who hope to obtain loans for housing purchase, and have good credit records, repayment will and ability. 	希望通过贷款资金购买住房，具有良好的信用记录和还款意愿及能力的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Flexible repayment methods.	1.还款方式灵活。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC provides a number of repayment methods, including equal total payments, equal principal payments, weekly debt service, step-up repayment method, step-down repayment method and method of repayment as customer wishes.	工商银行提供等额本息、等额本金、按周还本付息、递增还款法、递减还款法、随心还款法等多种还款方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Convenient and prompt loan services.	2.贷款服务便捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC provides such unique repayment services as determination of repayment date freely, provision of grace period for repayment and change of repayment date, and the borrowers may flexibly select them according to their needs.	工商银行提供自主确定还款日、享受还款宽限期、变更还款日等特色还款服务，借款人可根据需求灵活选择。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Personal Consumer Loans	二、个人消费贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal consumer loan means a loan granted by ICBC to a personal customer for the purpose of consumption, including purchase of automobile and housing decoration.	个人消费贷款是指工商银行向个人客户发放的，有指定消费用途的贷款，用途主要有购车、住房装修等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The borrower shall provide property mortgage, pledge or third party guarantee to the lending bank as his loan guarantee condition; the borrowers with good credit may obtain unsecured loans.	借款人需提供贷款银行认可的财产抵押、质押或第三人保证方式作为贷款担保条件；对于资信良好的借款人也可以信用方式获得贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The personal customers who hope to obtain loans for satisfying their consumption needs, and have good credit records, repayment will and ability. 	希望通过申请贷款资金满足消费需求，具有良好的信用记录和还款意愿及能力的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Flexible guarantee methods.	1.担保方式灵活。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The borrowers may adopt a number of guarantee methods including mortgage, pledge and security of guaranty.	可采用抵押、质押、保证担保等多种方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Wide purposes of loans.	2.贷款用途广泛。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal consumer loans can be used to meet such consumption purposes as purchase of automobile, housing decoration, purchase of durable consumer goods, educational expenses, tourist spending and medical expenses.	可满足购车、住房装修、购置耐用消费品、教育支出、旅游和医疗等消费用途。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Personal Business Loans	三、个人经营贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal business loan means a personal guarantee loan granted by ICBC to a personal customer for his capital turnover needed in legal operating activities.	个人经营贷款是指工商银行向个人客户发放的，用于客户合法经营活动所需资金周转的个人担保贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The personal customers who hope to obtain loans for capital turnover in their legal operating activities, and have good credit records, repayment will and ability.	希望通过申请贷款资金用于合法经营活动中的资金周转，具有良好的信用记录和还款意愿及能力的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点与优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Flexible guarantee methods.	1.担保方式灵活。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The borrowers may adopt a number of guarantee methods including mortgage, pledge and security of guaranty.	可采用抵押、质押、保证担保等多种方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Convenient and prompt loan services.	2.贷款服务便捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC provides such unique repayment services as determination of repayment date freely, provision of grace period for repayment and change of repayment date, and the borrowers may flexibly select them according to their needs.	工商银行提供自主确定还款日、享受还款宽限期、变更还款日等特色还款服务，借款人可根据需求灵活选择。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Fixed Asset Loans	四、固定资产贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Fixed asset loan is a loan granted by ICBC and used in the customers’ construction, expansion, upgrade, development or purchase of fixed assets.	固定资产贷款是指工商银行发放的，用于借款人新建、扩建、改造、开发、购置固定资产投资活动的贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A fixed asset loan takes the borrowers’ comprehensive income as the repayment source.	固定资产贷款以借款人综合效益做为还款来源。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers with demand for fixed asset investment.	有固定资产投资需求的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. To fund the borrower’s large-value investment expenditure on purchase of fixed assets.	1.满足借款人购置固定资产投资的大额支出。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Having a flexible term that can cover the construction period of a fixed asset.	2.期限灵活，覆盖固定资产建设期。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. Project Financing	五、项目融资	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Project financing means the loans granted by ICBC for the borrower’s construction of large-sized infrastructure and industrial projects.	项目融资是指工商银行向借款人用于建设大型的基础设施和工业项目发放的贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The borrower of project financing is generally the legal person of the project specially set up for construction and operation of the project or for the project financing.	项目融资借款人通常是为建设、经营该项目或为该项目融资而专门组建的项目法人。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Repayment sources mainly include sales income, subsidy income or other income generated from the project; generally, there is no other repayment source.	还款资金来源主要依赖该项目产生的销售收入、补贴收入或其他收入，一般不具备其他还款来源。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers with demand for project construction. 	有项目建设需求的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Flexible term.	1.期限灵活。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s project financing is generally medium and long-term loans and the short-term project loans used in the temporary fund turnover for a project.	工商银行项目融资一般是中长期贷款，也有用于满足项目临时周转使用的的短期项目贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Flexible repayment.	2.还款灵活。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customized repayment plans may be drafted according to cash flows.	按照现金流情况量身制订还款计划。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Various portfolios.	3.组合多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC may issue banker’s acceptance drafts and non-financing guarantee and provide international trade financing under project financing according to customer needs.	根据客户需求，可在项目融资项下签发银行承兑汇票、开立非融资类保函、办理国际贸易融资等业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VI. Real Estate Loans	六、房地产贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Real estate loan means a medium and long-term loan granted by ICBC for a borrower’s real estate development.	房地产贷款是指工商银行为借款人提供的用于房地产开发的中长期贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Real estate loans mainly include residential housing development loans, commercial housing development loans and legal person commercial housing mortgage loans.	主要包括住房开发贷款、商用房开发贷款和法人商业用房按揭贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Housing development loan means a loan granted by the lender to the borrower for the development and construction of residential housing and its supporting facilities.	住房开发贷款是指贷款人向借款人发放的用于商品住房及其配套设施开发建设的贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Commercial housing development loan means a loan granted by the lender to the borrower for the construction of commercial projects such as hotels (restaurants), office buildings, shopping malls and their supporting facilities.	商用房开发贷款是指向贷款人向借款人发放的用于宾馆（酒店）、写字楼、大型购物中心及其配套设施等商用项目建设的贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Legal person commercial housing mortgage loan means a loan granted by the lender to the borrower for purchase of commercial buildings and office buildings for self use.	法人商业用房按揭贷款是指贷款人向借款人发放的购置商业用房和自用办公用房的贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Real estate development companies and project companies.	房地产开发公司和项目公司。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Diversification.	1.品种多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC's real estate loans include housing development loans, commercial housing development loans, legal person housing mortgage loans, and other real estate loans, which can meet the fund needs of customers for different types of real estate development and construction.	目前工商银行已开展的房地产贷款有住房开发贷款、商用房开发贷款、法人客户楼宇按揭贷款、其他房地产贷款等贷款品种，能够满足客户不同类型房地产开发建设的资金需要。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Long term.	2.期限较长。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Among the real estate loans of ICBC, commercial housing development loans and legal person commercial housing mortgage loans have a long term and can meet customers’ long-term fund needs.	工商银行的房地产贷款中，商用房开发贷款、法人商业用房按揭贷款等品种期限较长，可满足客户长期用款需要。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VII. Working Capital Loans	七、流动资金贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Working capital loan is a RMB or foreign currency loan granted by ICBC to satisfy the borrower’s temporary or seasonal fund requirements in the course of production and operation, and ensure its smooth production and operation activities.	流动资金贷款是工商银行为满足借款人在生产经营过程中临时性、季节性的资金需求，保证生产经营活动的正常进行而发放的本外币贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Working capital loans include operating capital loans, bridge loans and legal person account overdraft.	包括营运资金贷款、搭桥贷款、法人账户透支等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Operating capital loan means a loan granted by the lender to satisfy the borrower’s demand for reasonable and continuous use of funds in daily operations, taking the borrower’s future comprehensive income and other legal income as its repayment sources.	营运资金贷款是指贷款人为满足优质借款人日常经营中合理的资金连续使用需求，以其未来综合收益和其他合法收入等作为还款来源而发放的贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Bridge loan means a transitional loan granted by the lender to satisfy the borrower’s temporary fund demands in daily business activities, taking the specific non-operating cash flows generated by the borrower in the future as the repayment sources.	搭桥贷款是贷款人为满足借款人日常业务活动中阶段性的资金需求，以未来所获的特定的非经营性现金流作为还款来源而发放的过渡性贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Account overdraft means a financing product by which a customer obtains the short-term credit funds within the limit authorized by ICBC.	账户透支是指客户在工商银行为其核定的额度内，通过账户透支方式取得短期信贷资金的融资业务产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers with demand for working capital.	有周转性流动资金需求的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Strong liquidity and flexible term.	1.流动性强、期限灵活。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Convenient procedures and strong turnover.	2.手续简便、周转性较强。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Low financing costs.	3.融资成本较低。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Satisfying the borrowers’ temporary, short and medium-term working capital demands.	4.满足借款人临时性、短期和中期流动资金需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VIII. Aircraft and Vessel Financing	八、飞机船舶融资	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Aircraft and vessel financing means the financing services provided by ICBC to meet the borrower’s fund demands in purchase, leasing, repair and use of aircraft and vessel.	飞机船舶融资是指工商银行为满足借款人在飞机船舶购置、租赁、维修、使用中的资金需求而提供的融资服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Aircraft and vessel financing generally takes the cash flows from the use of aircraft and vessel assets as the primary repayment source, and collateralized aircraft and vessel as the secondary repayment sources.	飞机船舶融资一般以飞机船舶资产使用产生的现金流作为第一还款来源，以飞机船舶资产抵押作为第二还款来源。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers that have loan demands and are able to provide aircraft and vessel as collaterals. 	有借款需求并可提供飞机船舶作为抵、质押物的客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Aircraft and vessel loans are flexible and diversified.	灵活多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
According to different demands of borrowers, ICBC can provide them with such products or services as direct purchase financing, asset mortgage financing, prepayment financing, operating lease financing, finance leasing financing, rents receivable factoring and guarantee. 	根据借款人不同需求，提供直接购置融资、资产抵押融资、预付款融资、经营租赁融资、融资租赁融资、应收租赁款保理、保函等产品或服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IX. International Trade Finance	九、国际贸易融资	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
International trade finance means the on and off-balance sheet short-term credits under international trade granted by ICBC for both trading parties based on the specific settlement method. It is divided into import trade finance (buyer’s financing) and export trade finance (seller’s financing) depending on the nature of business.	国际贸易融资是指以特定结算方式为基础，由工商银行为贸易双方提供的国际贸易项下的表内外短期信贷业务，根据业务性质分为进口贸易融资（买方融资）、出口贸易融资（卖方融资）两大类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Import trade finance is a short-term financing product provided for the importers based on the settlement methods of L/C, collection and T/T, including import bill advance under L/C, import T/T financing, import collection, import factoring, shipping guarantee and import prepayment financing.	进口贸易融资是为进口商提供的基于信用证、托收、T/T结算方式的短期融资产品，包括进口信用证项下押汇、进口T/T融资、进口托收、进口保理、提货担保、进口预付货款融资等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Export trade finance is a short-term financing product provided for the exporters based on the settlement methods of L/C, collection and T/T, including packing loans, bill purchased, export invoice financing, export factoring and export order financing.	出口贸易融资是为出口商提供的基于信用证、托收、T/T结算方式的短期融资产品，包括打包贷款、出口押汇、出口发票融资、出口保理、出口订单融资等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises qualified for international trade activities.	具有从事国际贸易活动资质的企业。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Flexible procedures and short term.	1.办理灵活、期限短。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With flexible procedures and short term, international trade finance may be obtained depending on the trade background and documents.	凭贸易背景和单据获得融资，业务办理灵活、期限较短。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Credit enhancement.	2.信用增级。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may enhance their bargaining power and position in trade relations by bank financing, to effectively promote their trade.	客户可通过银行融资信用，提升贸易关系中自身议价能力和地位，有效促成贸易往来。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Diversification.	3.品种多元化。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Financing products, combined with various settlement methods such as L/C, collection and T/T financing, can meet the financing needs of customers under various settlement modes.	融资产品与信用证、托收、T/T融资等多种结算方式相结合，满足客户各种结算模式下的融资需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Wide coverage.	4.覆盖面广。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The product runs through each stage of foreign trade and can provide customers with solutions for their trade financing demands.	贯穿于进出口贸易的各阶段，为客户在贸易中各环节的融资需求提供解决方案。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
X. Syndicated Loans	十、银团贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A syndicated loan means a RMB or foreign currency loan or credit granted by two or more banks, via the lead bank or the correspondent bank, to the borrower at the specified time and according to the proportion and the same loan conditions under the same loan agreement.	银团贷款是指由两家或两家以上银行基于相同贷款条件，依据同一贷款协议，按约定时间和比例，通过牵头行或代理行向借款人提供的本外币贷款或授信业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Generally giant enterprises and groups.	一般是特大型企业、企业集团等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Large financing amount and long term. The lending banks can provide a large amount of credit through cooperation, as an individual bank can not provide a large-value loan due to the restriction of credit line.	1.筹资金额大、期限长，各贷款行合作能够提供巨额的信贷资金，避免单独一家银行受授信额度的限制无法提供大额贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Low financing costs.	2.筹资成本较低。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Lending banks bear credit risks in proportion to their respective loans so as to diversify loan risks.	3.贷款行按约定比例分别承担各自部分贷款的信用风险，从而分散了贷款的风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
XI. Discounted Bills	十一、票据贴现	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Discounted bills include promissory bills discounted by a bank, commercial acceptance draft discount and discounted bills with interest paid under agreement.	票据贴现包括银行本票贴现、商业承兑汇票贴现及票据协议付息贴现。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Discounted bills means the bearer (customer) negotiates by endorsing a promissory note issued by another bank with the discount bank (ICBC) before the note becomes due, and the discount bank makes payment in advance after deducting the discount interest.	银行本票贴现是指持票人（客户）持他行开立的本票到期前向贴现行（工商银行）背书转让，贴现行扣除贴现利息后向其提前支付票款的行为。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Commercial acceptance bill discount means the bearer negotiates by endorsement a commercial acceptance bill with the discount bank before the draft becomes due, and the discount bank makes payment in advance after deducting the discount interest.	商业承兑汇票贴现指持票人在商业承兑汇票到期日前向贴现行背书转让,贴现行扣除贴现利息后向其提前支付票款的行为。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Discounted bills with interest paid under agreement means the bearer applies to the discount bank for negotiation by endorsing a bill that it legally holds before it becomes due, and the discount interest shall be borne by the interest payer specified in the agreement, and the discount bank makes payment in advance to the bearer according to the par value or the related amount under the agreement.	票据协议付息贴现指持票人在其合法持有的票据到期前，以背书转让的方式向贴现行申请贴现，贴现利息由协议约定的付息方承担，贴现行按票面金额或在协议条件下的相关金额向持票人提前支付票款的业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Discounted bills is divided into non-repurchase discounted bills and repurchase discounted bills depending on the agreement signed by the bearer and the bank at the time of discount on whether the bill can be repurchased before it becomes due.	根据持票人在办理贴现时与银行在票据到期日前是否可回购赎回的约定，票据贴现又分为不可回购型票据贴现和可回购型票据贴现。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The target customers of promissory bank note/commercial acceptance bill discount are those who hold unmatured notes and hope to dispose of them before the notes become due.	银行本票/商业承兑汇票贴现目标客户为持有未到期票据，希望在到期前变现的客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The target customers of discounted bills with interest paid under agreement are those who hold unmatured notes and hope to dispose of them before the notes become due, and there is an agreement on the payment of discount interest by the buyer or seller.	票据协议付息贴现目标客户持有未到期票据，希望在到期前变现的客户，并根据协议约定买方或卖方支付贴现利息的客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may dispose of notes in advance to obtain funds according to the par value or the related amount under the agreed conditions.	客户可按票面金额或协议条件下的相关金额提前获得票款，融通资金。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
XII. Acquisition Loans	十二、并购贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Acquisition loan means a loan granted by ICBC to satisfy the needs of the acquirer or its special-purpose subsidiary for payment in an acquisition transaction, taking the cash flows generated by the enterprise after acquisition, comprehensive income or other income of the acquirer as the repayment sources.	并购贷款是指工商银行为满足并购方或其专门子公司在并购交易中用于支付并购交易价款的需要，以并购后企业产生的现金流、并购方综合收益或其他合法收入为还款来源而发放的贷款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Acquisition mentioned herein means the merger or actual control of an existing and going-concern target enterprise by acquiring existing shares, purchasing new shares, acquiring assets or taking over debts.	此处并购是指企业通过受让现有股权、认购新增股权，或收购资产、承接债务等方式实现合并或实际控制已设立并持续经营的目标企业的交易行为。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises with demand for cross-border acquisition. 	具有跨境并购需求的企业。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Flexible guarantee methods.	1．担保方式灵活。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The borrowers may adopt a number of guarantee methods including mortgage, pledge and security of guaranty.	可采用抵押、质押、保证担保等多种方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Evident network advantages.	2.网络优势明显。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has a large number of branches and outlets which are reasonably distributed, have complete facilities, and cover each sector of the national economy. It also has the most advanced customer information system network and wide social relation network.	工商银行拥有数量众多、布局合理、设施完备的覆盖国民经济各行业的分支机构网络，最先进的客户信息系统网络和广泛的社会关系网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Three Settlement Products	第三节 结算产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Remittance	一、汇款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Remittance is a settlement product with which ICBC pays a specified sum to the payee on demand.	汇款是工商银行应汇款人的要求，将指定的款项支付给收款人的一种结算产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Remittance is generally divided into inward remittance and outward remittance, or divided into domestic remittance and cross-border remittance, of which cross-border remittance is divided into SWIFT remittance and ICBC cross-border remittance.	汇款一般分为汇入汇款和汇出汇款，按是否跨境分为境内汇款和跨境汇款。 其中跨境汇款产品又可分为SWIFT汇款和工行跨境汇款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Domestic remittance refers to the remittance within ICBC and inter-bank remittance conducted via domestic bank clearing system.	1.境内汇款是通过境内的银行清算体系进行的工商银行系统内和跨行汇款产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. SWIFT remittance refers to the global remittance realized by banks depending on the global communication network of SWIFT, which is mainly to meet the global remittance needs of bank customers.	2．SWIFT汇款是银行间利用SWIFT组织的全球通讯网络实现的全球汇款产品，主要满足银行客户的全球汇款需要。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. ICBC cross-border remittance refers to the cross-border remittance between worldwide institutions of ICBC depending on the clearing network of ICBC.	3．工行跨境汇款是利用工商银行自有的清算网络实现的工商银行全球机构之间的跨境汇款产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Domestic remittance is mainly used for personal and corporate customers provided that the remitter and the remittee are located within the territory of the same country.	1. 境内汇款主要应用于收、付款人均处于同一国家境内的个人和对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. SWIFT remittance is mainly used for personal and corporate customers of cross-border remittance who have no special requirements on remittance.	2. SWIFT汇款主要应用于无特殊汇款要求的办理跨境汇款的个人和对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. ICBC cross-border remittance is applicable to the personal and corporate customers of cross-border remittance, on condition that there are branches or correspondent banks of ICBC in the places of both receipt and payment. 	3.工行跨境汇款适用于收付款地都有工商银行或其代理行，要求办理跨境汇款的个人和对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Domestic remittance is realized by the ICBC clearing system or the domestic inter-bank clearing system, which can meet customers' rapid collection needs.	1.境内汇款通过工商银行系统内或境内银行间清算体系实现，能满足客户快速的收款需要。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. SWIFT remittance has a wide coverage as a majority of the banks in the world have participated in the clearing network with the SWIFT as the medium, with which remitters can freely select the receiving banks.	2．SWIFT汇款覆盖范围广，全球大部分银行均已参加以SWIFT为中介的清算网络，汇款人可较为自由地选择收款银行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. ICBC cross-border remittance is realized by the ICBC clearing system, enjoying the advantages of rapid collection, low remittance cost and wide service channels. 	3.工行跨境汇款通过工商银行系统内清算体系实现，具有到账速度快、汇款成本低、服务渠道广的优势。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Personal F/X remittance settled in advance	二、个人预结汇汇款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal F/X remittance settled in advance means a specific remittance method by which the remitter may convert the foreign currency to RMB at the specified rate of ICBC quoted on the date of remittance so that the remittee will receive the remittance in RMB, when the remitter handles remittance with ICBC with the remittee located in the territory of China.	个人预结汇汇款是指汇款人在工商银行办理收款人所在地为中国境内的汇款业务时，可按工商银行当日预结汇汇款的指定结汇汇率将所汇款项结成人民币、以人民币形式解付收款人的特定汇款方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal customers of remittance to the remittees in China, who have demand for exchange settlement and intend to lock up exchange rate fluctuation risk in advance.	有向中国境内收款人汇款，收款人有结汇需求、需要提前锁定汇率波动风险的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Lock up exchange rate fluctuation risk in advance.	1.提前锁定汇率波动风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A remittee who has an account with an outlet of ICBC in China may directly receive the inward remittance in RMB, so as to ward off the losses possibly incurred by exchange rate fluctuation to the remittee.	收款人在中国境内工商银行网点开有账户，可直接收到以人民币入账的汇入款项，避免了汇率波动可能给收款人造成的损失。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Convenient remittee procedures.	2.收款人手续简便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The fund remitted by a remitter is denominated in a foreign currency, but the remittee’s recording currency is RMB, so as to relieve the remittee of the troubles in handling exchange settlement formalities at a bank counter.	汇款人汇出的资金为外币，但收款人入账的金额为人民币，免去了收款人到银行柜面办理结汇手续的麻烦。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Banker’s Promissory Note	三、银行本票	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Banker’s promissory note is a note issued by ICBC promising to unconditionally pay a specified sum of money to the payee or the bearer at sight.	银行本票是工商银行签发的，承诺在见票时无条件支付确定金额给收款人或者持票人的票据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Promissory bank note business includes such procedures as issue, payment, clearing, refund and loss report (cancellation of loss reporting).	银行本票业务包括出票、付款、结清、退款、挂失（解挂）等业务环节。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal and corporate customers handling various intra-city settlements.	办理各种同城款项结算的个人或对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. High credit.	1.信用度高。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It is secured by the credit of ICBC, and is issued and paid by the bank.	以工商银行的信用为付款保证，由银行签发并付款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Safe and convenient.	2.安全方便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The note is payable at sight within the specified regions by presenting to ICBC for payment.	在指定区域内均可向工商银行提示付款，银行见票即付。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC also provides such services as return or loss reporting of related notes to guarantee customers’ fund safety.	工商银行还同时提供相关票据的退票、挂失等服务，保障客户的资金安全。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Check	四、支票	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Check is a negotiable instrument issued by a drawer and the bank entrusted with check deposit business shall unconditionally pay the specified sum of money to the payee or the bearer at sight.	支票是出票人签发的，委托办理支票存款业务的银行见票无条件支付确定金额给收款人或者持票人的票据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The cash checks and the ordinary checks used in withdrawal of cash must comply with domestic regulations on cash management.	签发现金支票和用于支取现金的普通支票，必须符合本国现金管理的规定。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The identity certificates of the payee must be legitimate and valid.	对于收款人为个人的现金支票，收款人的身份证明证件必须合法有效。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Checks are divided into cash checks, transfer checks and ordinary checks.	支票分为现金支票、转账支票和普通支票。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Cash checks can be only used in withdrawal of cash; transfer checks can be only used in transfer, including transfer by endorsement; checks not bearing the word of “Cash” or “Transfer” are ordinary checks, which can be used in either withdrawal of cash or transfer.	现金支票只能用于支取现金，转账支票只能用于转账，但可背书转让；支票上未印有“现金”或“转账”字样的为普通支票，普通支票既可用于支取现金也可用于转账。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标用户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate and personal customers with settlement accounts in ICBC.	在工商银行开立结算账户的对公客户和个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Easy-to-use, convenient and flexible.	1.使用方便，手续简便、灵活。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Checks may be transferred many times by endorsement and become a negotiable payment instrument.	2.可通过背书方式多次转让，成为流通的支付工具。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. Draft	五、汇票	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Draft is an instrument issued by ICBC at the request of a customer, which indicates the currency and par value, and is held and carried by the customer and may be used in non-local payment or withdrawal.	汇票是指工商银行根据客户要求签发，标明币种和票据面额，由客户持有、携带，并到异地办理支付或取款的一种银行票据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
When a customer needs to make payment to a non-local individual or institution, the customer may draw a draft in ICBC, and then carry the draft to withdraw or pay to other individual or institution at the destination, as the payment method for transactions.	当客户需要向异地个人或者机构支付款项时，可在工商银行开立汇票，之后将票据携带至目的地提款或者交付其他个人及机构，作为交易款项的支付方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal or corporate customers unwilling to carry cash but having the demand for remittance or payment by way of drafts or under the circumstances where the payee is uncertain.	不愿随身携带现金或收款人不确定，具有以票据形式进行汇款或支付需求的个人或对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. High applicability.	1.使用范围广泛。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Drafts can be carried with individuals and receivable on demand.	票随人走，人到款到，凭票收款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Safe and convenient.	2.安全方便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The drafts are payable on demand within ICBC and its banking partners.	工商银行及其合作银行范围内见票即付。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC also provides such services as return, loss reporting or stopping of payment of related notes to guarantee customers’ fund safety.	工商银行还同时提供相关票据的退票、挂失、止付等服务，保障客户的资金安全。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Cost-effective.	3.价格低廉。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The issue and collection with acceptance of drafts are cost-effective.	票据的开立和托收兑付的费用相对低廉。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VI. Collection	六、托收	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Collection is a settlement method by which a customer sends related bills, including checks and drafts, to ICBC and entrusts it with collection from the payer.	托收是指客户将支票、汇票等有关单据交送工商银行，委托工商银行向付款人收取款项的一种结算方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Collection is divided into clean collection and documentary collection.	托收业务分为光票托收和跟单托收。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Clean collection means a customer provides such financial instruments as bank draft, banker’s promissory note, personal check or traveler’s check which are not accompanied with any shipping documents, and submits them to ICBC (collecting bank) for collection.	1.光票托收是指客户仅提供银行汇票、银行本票、公司支票、私人支票、旅行支票等等金融票据而无需附有任何货运单据，交托工商银行（托收行）代收款项。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Clean collection is categorized into sight crediting collection (cash letter) and final crediting collection (collection).	光票托收分为立即贷记托收方式（CASH LETTER）和最终贷记托收方式（COLLECTION）。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Under the sIght crediting collection, ICBC sends bills to the designated collecting bank, which, at the request of ICBC, forthwith credit to the account of ICBC by way of T+1; in case that the balance of the payer’s account is insufficient and falls within the recourse period stipulated by the commercial paper law or related laws and regulations of each country, the collecting bank shall reserve the right of recourse against ICBC.	立即贷记托收方式，即工商银行寄送票据至指定代收行，代收行收到工商银行委托后以T+1方式立即贷记工商银行账户，但遇付款人账户余额不足等情况以及在各国票据法或有关法律规定的追索期内对工商银行保留追索权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Under the final crediting collection (also known as crediting after payment), ICBC, as the entrusting bank, directly sends bills to the issuing bank/paying bank, and the latter reimburses ICBC by withholding money from the payer’s account, and reserves the right of recourse against ICBC within the recourse period prescribed by the commercial paper law or relevant laws of each country.	最终贷记托收方式又称收妥入账，即工商银行作为委托行直接寄送票据给出票行/付款行，出票行/付款行从付款人账户扣款后偿付工商银行，在各国票据法或有关法律规定的追索期内对工商银行保留追索权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In case of the final crediting collection, ICBC may choose a correspondent bank, which has signed a clean collection agreement with ICBC, to send documents and collect funds.	最终贷记托收方式项下，工商银行也可选择和工商银行签订光票托收协议的代理行代为寄送票据和收款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Documentary collection means a customer delivers the documents, such as financial documents, accompanied with transport documents, to ICBC for collection.	2.跟单托收是指客户将金融票据随附有货物单据等其他合同要求的单据交托工商银行代收款项。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Documentary collection is categorized into import collection and export collection.	跟单托收可分为进口代收和出口托收。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Import collection means an overseas bank entrusts ICBC with collection, and ICBC delivers the collection documents sent by the overseas bank to the customer, and handle payment, acceptance or dishonor according to the customer’s instructions.	进口代收是指境外银行委托工商银行代收其托收款项的结算业务，工商银行将他行寄来的代收单据转交客户，根据客户提示办理付款、承兑或拒付。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Export collection means the payee (exporter), after transportation of cargo, delivers financial documents and cargo documents against the export to ICBC, and entrusts ICBC to collect money from the payer.	出口托收是指收款人（出口商）出运货物后，将出口项下的金融票据及货运单据递交工商银行，委托工商银行向付款人收取货款的一种托收方式。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Import and export enterprise customers using collection in settlement and individual or corporate customers collecting money by bill clearing. 	采用托收方式进行结算的进出口企业客户，以及通过票据结算方式收取款项需要的个人或对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Clean collection	1.光票托收	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Conveniently and readily used in overseas collection by various bills.	（1）方便快捷，可用于收取各种以票据形式收取的境外支付款项。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Very safe.	（2）安全性较高。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Import collection	2.进口代收	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) More convenient procedures and lower expenses as compared to L/C settlement.	（1）与信用证结算方式相比，手续更简便费用更低廉。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Eligible to enjoy the import collection bill financing services provided by ICBC to fill in the short-term fund gap, and arrange for processing or sale of import cargo as early as practicable so as to improve the efficiency of fund operation.	（2）可享受工商银行提供的进口代收押汇融资服务以解决短期资金融通问题，尽早取得进口货物安排加工或销售，提高资金营运效率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Export collection	3.出口托收	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) More convenient procedures and lower expenses as compared to L/C settlement.	（1）与信用证结算方式相比，手续更简便费用更低廉。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Eligible to enjoy the export collection bill financing services provided by ICBC to receive payment in advance so as to fill in the short-term fund gap.	（2）可享受工商银行提供的出口托收押汇融资服务以预先收到货款，解决短期资金融通问题。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VII. Global Cash Management	七、全球现金管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Global cash management means a series of financial product mixes, including internal fund transfer, collection, payment, account management, account information, investment and financing, provided by ICBC to assist corporate customers achieving effective global cash management. It provides customers with full-spectrum and comprehensive global cash management solutions, such as internal global cash management and external cash flow control, to help them efficiently manage receivables and payables, collect and allocate internal funds, timely and accurately obtain cash flow information, enjoy diversified investment opportunities and improve return on capital.	全球现金管理是指工商银行为协助企业客户进行有效全球现金管理而提供的内部资金调拨、收款、付款、账户管理、账户信息、投资、融资等一系列金融服务的组合产品，为客户提供从内部全球现金管理到外部现金流控制的全面、综合化的全球现金管理解决方案，帮助客户高效管理应收、应付款，归集、调剂内部资金，及时、准确获取现金流信息，提供多样化投资机会，提高资本投资回报率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Global cash management mainly includes centralized collection and payment, cross-border physical fund pool and cross-border nominal fund pool.	主要包括集中收付款、跨境实体资金池、跨境名义资金池等产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Centralized collection and payment is a product designed to help domestic and overseas customers of ICBC flexibly handle fund collection and payment and improve their fund operation efficiency.	集中收付款产品是指帮助境内外客户灵活办理资金收付业务，提高资金使用效率的产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Cross-border physical fund pool is a product provided to cross-border group customers to utilize and manage the funds of their member units worldwide.	跨境实体资金池是指为跨国集团企业客户提供的、统一使用和管理世界各地集团内成员单位的资金的产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Cross-border nominal fund pool is a fund sharing product provided to cross-border group enterprises, with interest calculated on a consolidated basis.	跨境名义资金池是指为跨国集团企业客户提供的基于合并计息的资金共享产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Centralized collection.	1.集中收款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises intending to improve fund operation efficiency, promptly recover sales and labor income or centralize funds of branches.	希望提高资金使用效率，迅速回笼销售款、劳务费或归集分支机构款项的企业。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Centralized payment.	2.集中付款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises intending to send payment instructions by the counter of a bank, internet banking, bank-enterprise interconnection or SWIFT channels and managing their global payments in a uniform manner.	希望统一通过一家银行柜面、网上银行、银企互联或SWIFT渠道发送支付指令，统一管理全球付款的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Cross-border fund pool.	3.跨境资金池。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Multinational enterprises which have many branches at home and abroad and need to allocate and manage their global funds, as well as overseas enterprises which need to calculate interest of funds in their fund pool accounts in a consolidated manner.	在境内、外建立多个分支机构，需要统一调剂、管理全球资金的跨国企业客户以及需要对资金池内账户进行合并计息的境外企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Centralized collection and payment has the features of “one-point link with customers, acceptance of many payment instructions and automatic processing by system”.	1.集中收付款产品具有“客户一点连接，支持多种支付指令，系统自动处理”的特点。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It allows the collection and payment between NOVA/FOVA and the accounts opened with global cash management banks partnering with ICBC.	支持NOVA\FOVA和全球现金管理合作行账户之间的收付。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Cross-border physical fund pool allows the existence of multiple currencies, the fund allocation between accounts of domestic and overseas banking partners, multi-tier account system, a number of centralization and allocation methods and many centralizations and allocations.	2.跨境实体资金池支持多币种，支持境内外、合作行账户之间资金调拨，支持多级账户体系，支持多种归集、下拨方式，支持多个归集下拨场次。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Cross-border nominal fund pool can improve customers’ interest income and expense, strengthen their internal management, reduce their debts and lower fund transfer costs.	3.跨境名义资金池能够改善客户利息收支状况，加强客户内部管理，减少客户外债，减少资金划转成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VIII. Letter of Credit (L/C)	八、信用证	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
L/C is an instrument issued by ICBC to the exporter according to the instructions of an importer, representing its guarantee to perform the obligation of payment against documents upon maturity.	信用证是指工商银行根据进口商的指示向出口商开出的，凭规定单据履行到期付款义务的保证性文件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
L/C is divided into sight L/C and usance L/C depending on the payment period.	根据信用证付款期限的不同可分为即期信用证和远期信用证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Sight L/C means the issuing bank promises to effect payment within a reasonable period (not more than five working days starting from the next working day upon receipt of documents) after an exporter delivers to the bank sight drafts and documents complying with L/C requirements according to the provisions of L/C; usance L/C is a L/C that the bank promises to effect payment on the future due date after the beneficiary submits documents.	前者指出口商根据信用证的规定，将符合信用证要求的即期汇票及单据交银行后，开证行保证在收到单据后合理的期限内（不超过自收到单据次一工作日起算的五个工作日）付款的信用证；后者指银行保证在受益人交单后承诺在远期到期日予以付款的信用证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
L/C is divided into sight payment L/C, deferred payment L/C, acceptance L/C and negotiation L/C depending on the way of payment.	根据信用证兑付方式的不同可分为即期付款信用证、延期付款信用证、承兑信用证和议付信用证四种。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Among them, negotiation L/C is categorized into freely negotiable L/C and restricted negotiable L/C depending on whether there are restrictions on negotiation.	其中议付信用证根据是否限制议付又可分为：自由议付信用证和限制议付信用证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Freely negotiable L/C is a L/C that the issuing bank allows any bank to negotiate the drafts and/or documents of an exporter; restricted negotiable L/C is a L/C that the issuing bank only authorizes the designated bank to negotiate the drafts and/or documents of an exporter.	自由议付信用证指开证行允许任何银行对出口商的汇票和单据进行议付的信用证；限制议付信用证指开证行只允许指定银行对出口商汇票和单据进行议付的信用证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
L/C is divided into confirmed L/C and unconfirmed L/C depending on whether it is promised to be confirmed by another bank.	根据信用证是否由另一家银行保证兑付可分为保兑信用证和不保兑信用证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In case of a confirmed L/C, another bank promises to effect payment against the bills complying with the terms and conditions of L/C; in case of unconfirmed L/C, no other banks promise to effect payment against the bills satisfying the terms and conditions of L/C.	前者指开出的信用证由另一家银行保证对符合信用证条款规定的单据履行付款；后者指开出的信用证未经其他银行保证对符合信用证条款规定的单据履行付款。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
L/C can also be divided into transferable L/C and nontransferable L/C depending on whether it is marked “Transferable”.	根据信用证是否注明“可转让”字样可分为可转让信用证和不可转让信用证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Importers and exporters which perform settlement by way of L/C.	采用信用证方式进行结算的进出口贸易客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Convert commercial credit into bank credit so as to facilitate trade process and improve the safety and convenience of trade payment and collection.	1.使商业信用转换为银行信用，从而促使贸易的顺利进行，使贸易资金收付更具安全性和便利性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Provide supporting financing products, such as import bill advance, buyer’s usance L/C, L/C agency payment, delivery against bank guarantee and bill of lading endorsement, in related trading areas depending on L/C, so as to meet customers’ trade financing needs.	2.以信用证为依托，在相关贸易环节上提供进口押汇、买方远期信用证、信用证代付、提货担保、提单背书等配套融资产品，满足客户的贸易融资需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Four Agency Products	第四节 代理产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Payroll Payment Agency Service	一、代发工资	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Payroll payment agency service is an agency service provided by ICBC, according to the entrustment of applicants, to pay wages, welfare expense, labor protection fee, pension fund and such other remuneration and welfare to the accounts of the employees at the request of the applicants.	代发工资业务是指工商银行接受代发工资单位委托，代理代发工资单位向其员工账户发放工资、福利费、劳动保护费、养老金等工薪福利的一项代理业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers which need to pay wages, welfare expense, labor protection fee, pension fund and such other remuneration and welfare to their employees. 	适用于具有向其员工账户发放工资、福利费、劳动保护费、养老金等各类工薪福利需求的对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Variety of salary currencies.	1.工资币种多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Salaries can be paid in HKD, Pataca, Thailand Baht, Indonesia Rupiah, USD, Yen and Euro, etc.	代发工资的币种可以是港币、澳门元、越南盾、印尼盾、美元、日元、欧元等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Multiple channels.	2.办理渠道丰富。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Applicants may handle payroll payment by internet banking and counters conveniently and readily. 	代发工资单位可以通过网上银行和柜面两大渠道办理代发工资业务，方便快捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Agency Settlement	二、代理结算	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Agency settlement products are the products designed by ICBC to handle agency settlement according to the entrustment of customers, depending on ICBC’s settlement channels, system platform and payment instruments.	代理结算产品是指工商银行受客户的委托，借助工商银行的结算渠道、系统平台和支付工具等资源，代理其办理结算业务的产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Agency settlement includes inter-bank settlement, bank-futures company transfer and BSP agency business.	代理结算包括代理同业结算、银期转账、代理BSP业务等多项代理结算类业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Inter-bank agency settlement means the payment settlement, including bank draft, remittance, collection and collection with acceptance, handled by ICBC according to the entrustment of other banks.	（1）代理同业结算是指工商银行接受其他银行的委托、代为办理的银行汇票、汇兑、委托收款、托收承付等支付结算业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Bank-futures company transfer means the real time two-way fund transfer between the settlement accounts of investors and margin accounts of futures companies provided by a bank depending on its real time internetworking with future companies.	（2）银期转账是指通过银行与期货公司的实时联网，提供投资者结算账户与期货公司保证金账户间双向实时资金转账的业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) BSP agency business means the agency fund clearing business provided by a bank to the aviation association for its members to book or return airline tickets.	（3）代理BSP业务是指是面向航空协会提供的，在其为会员办理机票订购、退票等业务时所进行的代理资金清算业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Financial institutions and enterprises which have the need for fund settlement via ICBC.	金融同业机构、企业等有由工商银行代为进行资金结算需求的客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Provide customers with convenient and fast fund clearing services and reconciliation services depending on the outlet and settlement network advantages of ICBC.	1.可以发挥工商银行的网点优势和结算网络优势，为客户提供便利、快捷的资金清算服务及对账服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Increase fee-based business income, improve the quality of on-balance-sheet asset and liability business of the bank while reducing the risks arising from operation and management.	2.增加中间业务收入，改善银行表内资产负债业务的质量，降低经营管理中的风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Five Bank Card Products	第五节 银行卡产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Debit Card	一、借记卡	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Debit card is a bank card issued by ICBC, which has no overdraft function and can be used in consumption/withdrawal after the customer deposits money in the card. Debit card, which is divided into magnetic strip card and magnetic strip and chip combined card, provides personal customers with such daily financial services as personal settlement, e-banking, investment and wealth management.	借记卡是指工商银行发行的，客户先存款后消费（或取现），不具有透支功能的银行卡，可为个人客户提供个人结算、电子银行、投资理财等日常金融服务，包含磁条与磁条芯片复合两种介质类型。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Debit cards can also be categorized into single-currency (local currency of the card issuing bank), dual-currency (RMB and local currency of the card issuing bank) and multi-currency debit cards by the currency supported, or categorized into ordinary debit card and Elite Club account card by target customer, of which the former is issued to personal customers, and the latter to the high and medium-end personal customers.	根据支持的币种分为单币种（发卡行本地币种）、双币种（人民币、发卡行本地币种）以及多币种借记卡；根据发行目标客户分为普通借记卡和理财金账户卡，其中普通借记卡面向所有个人客户发行，理财金账户卡面向中高端个人客户发行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal customers who need to handle various businesses using the debit cards, and meet the local conditions for issue of debit cards.	需要使用借记卡办理各项业务，且符合当地借记卡发卡条件的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Comprehensive account and multifunctional card.	1.综合账户，一卡多能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It supports various savings deposits, including demand and time deposits, and can manage several accounts with one card. In addition to the local currency of the place of the card issuing bank, the debit card can deposit other currencies, manage comprehensive accounts and realize multiple functions.	可支持办理各类型储蓄存款，包括活期、定期等，实现一卡管理多账户；同时，除可存入发卡行本地币种外，还可存入其它币种，充分体现综合账户、一卡多能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Handle within the system and enjoy fee preference.	2.系统内办理，手续费优惠。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Handling business with the debit card at any outlet or channel of ICBC may enjoy preferential fees.	在工商银行全球任何网点和渠道持卡办理业务可以享受相应的收费优惠。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Real time transfer and remittance.	3.转账汇款，实时到账。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
If a debit card holder transfers, by password or signature, funds to a local or non-local account of ICBC through such channels as operating outlet, self-service equipment, internet banking or telephone banking, the funds will be received on a real time basis.	持卡客户使用密码或者签名通过工商银行营业网点、自助设备、网上银行和电话银行等渠道，向同城或异地工商银行账户转账，所转款项可实时到账。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Enjoy various convenient services depending on e-banking channel.	4.借助电子银行渠道，享受各项便捷服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may handle various businesses by self-service equipment, internet banking and telephone banking and enjoy round-the-clock unrestricted self-banking services.	客户可持卡在自助设备、网上银行和电话银行上办理各类业务，享受24小时无限制的自助服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Support investment and wealth management services and help customers achieve appreciation of assets.	5.支持投资理财服务，力助客户资产升值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may utilize debit cards to handle various wealth management businesses, including, fund, foreign exchange trading, stock, treasury bond, insurance and precious metal, to facilitate investment and wealth management.	客户可通过借记卡办理基金、外汇买卖、股票、国债、保险、贵金属等各类理财业务，使投资理财之路变得更加通畅。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may also utilize debit cards as loan and repayment accounts and apply for various loan businesses.	客户还可将借记卡作为贷款放款和还款账户，申办各种贷款业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. Exclusive VIP services.	6. 专属贵宾服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Elite Club account card holders may enjoy a series of VIP services provided by ICBC, including exclusive VIP channel, exclusive fee preference and expert services for wealth management.	理财金账户卡持卡客户可以专享工商银行提供的专属贵宾通道、专享费用优惠、专家理财服务等一系列贵宾服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Credit Card	二、贷记卡	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit card is a bank card issued by ICBC to grant a certain credit line to the card holder and allow the card holder to overdraw free of interest within a specified period. Deposits in the card are interest-free and the card can be used at home and abroad.	贷记卡（信用卡）是工商银行给予持卡人一定信用额度、持卡人可在信用额度内先消费后还款、按规定享有免息还款期待遇、存款无息、境内外通用的银行卡。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit cards are divided into dual-currency credit cards and single-currency credit cards.	贷记卡按账户币种分为双币贷记卡和单币贷记卡。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers who have overdraft demand.	存在透支消费需求的客户群体。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. High applicability.	1.使用范围广。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Debit card can be used in all the outlets and chartered merchants of ICBC as well as the chartered merchants, self-service ATM terminals and such other business places with the logs of corresponding card organizations.	贷记卡可在工商银行各网点和特约商户，以及带有卡片对应卡组织标识的特约商户和自动取款机等受理点使用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit card is settled in the local currency of the card holder and a certain designated foreign currency, and has the functions of overdraft, transfer and withdrawal.	以持卡人本地货币和某一指定外币结算，具有透支消费、转账结算、存取现金等功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Overdraft free of interest.	2.透支消费免息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In case of overdraft within the credit limit, the card holder may enjoy a certain period of repayment free of interest if he pays up all the arrearage prior to the repayment date specified in the bank statement.	对于信用额度内的消费透支，持卡人在对账单规定的还款日期前全部还款，即可享受一定的免息还款期。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Merchant Acquiring	三、商户收单	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Merchant acquiring means the fund settlement services provided by ICBC to merchants for consumption, transfer, preauthorization and confirmation of preauthorization, as well as such services as authorization, clearing, dishonor, transfer of bill, return of bill and risk control in the process of business operation.	商户收单是工商银行向商户提供的消费、转账、预授权、预授权确认等业务的资金结算服务，以及在业务过程中出现的授权、清算、拒付、调单、退单和风险管控等服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Merchants allowing consumers to make payment and settlement by bank cards.	适用于接受消费者通过银行卡进行消费支付结算的商户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Accept a number of brands	1.受理多种品牌	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It accepts such brands as China UnionPay, VISA, Master, JCB, American Express and Diners cards.	受理品牌包括银联、VISA、MASTER CARD、JCB、运通和大莱。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Provide a number of acceptance methods	2.提供多种受理方式	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC provides various bank card acceptance methods, including magnetic strip card payment, chip card payment, contact payment and contactless payment.	工商银行提供多种银行卡受理方式，既支持受理刷磁条卡支付，也支持芯片卡支付，同时支持接触式和非接触式支付。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Support a number of consumption types	3.支持多种消费类型	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC supports the acquiring of a number of consumption types, including ordinary consumption, quick consumption, credit authorized consumption, offline consumption, consumption by installment payment and preauthorized consumption.	工商银行支持普通消费、快速消费、信用授权消费、离线消费、分期付款消费、预授权消费等多种消费类型的收单。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Provide clearing and reconciliation services	4.提供清算及对账服务	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After clearing with a merchant, ICBC will transfer the bank card payment funds to the account designated by the merchant and provide the merchant with reconciliation vouchers.	工商银行与商户进行清算后，将银行卡支付资金划拨至商户指定账户，并向商户提供对账凭证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Six Guarantee and Commitment Products	第六节 担保承诺产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Guarantee	一、担保	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Guarantee means a written commitment made by ICBC, as a guarantor, in the form of letter of guarantee or standby L/C, to the guaranteed party at its request, promising to perform the repayment responsibility in case the guaranteed party fails to repay debts or perform obligations according to the contract signed by the guaranteed party and the beneficiary.	担保是指工商银行作为担保人，应被担保人的申请，以保函或备用信用证等书面形式向受益人承诺，当被担保人未按其与受益人签订的合同约定偿还债务或履行义务时，由工商银行代其履行偿付责任的法律行为。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Guarantee is divided into financing guarantee and non-financing guarantee by the nature of fundamental trading contracts.	按基础交易合同性质划分，担保业务分为融资类担保和非融资类担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Financing guarantee means the guarantee provided by ICBC for the responsibilities or obligations of the guaranteed party under the financing transactions.	1.融资类担保是指工商银行为被担保人在融资性交易项下的责任或义务提供的担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Financing guarantee mainly includes:	主要包括：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Loan guarantee;	（1）借款担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Guarantee for issue of negotiable securities (including ordinary corporate bonds and convertible bonds but excluding stocks);	（2）发行有价证券（包括企业普通债券、可转换债券等，不包括股票）担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Overdraft guarantee;	（3）透支担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(4) Guarantee for deferred payment;	（4）延期付款担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(5) Financial leasing guarantee;	（5）融资租赁担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(6) Guarantee for compensation trade repaid in spot exchange; and	（6）以现汇偿还的补偿贸易担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(7) Other guarantee products stipulated by local laws and regulations and defined by ICBC.	（7）符合当地法律法规和工商银行融资类担保定义的其他担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Non-financing guarantee means the guarantee provided by ICBC for the responsibilities or obligations of the guaranteed party under the non-financing transactions. Non-financing guarantee mainly includes:	2.非融资类担保是指工商银行为被担保人在非融资性交易项下责任或义务提供的担保。 主要包括：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Guarantee under trade or project, mainly include bid guarantee, performance guarantee, advance payment guarantee, quality warranty and maintenance guarantee, payment guarantee, retention guarantee, guarantee for marine accident and customs guarantee.	（1）贸易或工程项下的担保。 包括投标担保、履约担保、预付款担保、质量及维修担保、付款担保、留置金担保、海事担保、关税担保等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Guarantee for compensation trade repaid in kind; and	（2）以实物偿还的补偿贸易担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Other guarantee products stipulated by local laws and regulations and defined by ICBC.	（3）符合当地法律法规和工商银行非融资类担保定义的其他担保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers that desire to obtain credit support from banks.	希望银行提供信用支持的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may use a bank’s credit guarantee to develop their operating activities.	客户可以利用银行信用担保支持其经营活动的开展。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Standby Facility	二、备用贷款	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Standby facility means a legally binding credit commitment made by ICBC that allows the borrower to draw down loans according to the contractual terms and conditions, in order to meet the borrower’s contingent financing demand within a period of time to come.	备用贷款是指工商银行为满足借款人未来一定时期内或有融资需求，向其出具的具有法律约束力、允许其在需要时按照合同约定条件提取贷款的信贷承诺。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With little probability of being drawn down by customers, standby facility is granted for use only when needed and is mainly used as credit support for customers’ issue of bonds and commercial papers.	备用贷款在发放时预计客户提款可能性较小，仅做为备用，主要是用于客户在发行债券、商业票据等行为时提供信用支持。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers that desire to obtain credit support from ICBC.	需要工商银行提供信用支持的对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may use bank credit to cut their direct financing costs.	客户可利用银行信用降低其对外直接融资成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Commitment	三、承诺	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Commitment is a credit facility of ICBC to grant loans to customers from time to time upon their request within the valid commitment period and the conditions, amount and interest rate specified in legally binding formal agreements signed between ICBC and loan customers, and collect commitment fees from these customers.	承诺是指工商银行与借款客户达成的一种具有法律约束力的正式协议，银行在有效承诺期内，按照双方约定的条件、金额和利率等，随时准备应客户需求提供贷款，并有权向借款客户收取承诺费的一种授信业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Loan commitments are divided into irrevocable commitments, commitments revocable anytime and unconditionally and conditionally revocable commitments, depending on whether they are revocable or not and the revocation conditions.	按照是否可撤销及撤销条件，贷款承诺业务划分为不可撤销、随时无条件可撤销和有条件可撤销三类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Irrevocable commitment means a commitment that cannot be revoked by ICBC without approval of the customer.	不可撤销承诺，是指不经客户允许，工商银行不得随意撤消的承诺。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Commitment revocable anytime and unconditionally means a loan commitment that can be revoked by ICBC unconditionally at any time without providing a prior notice, or the loan commitment that can be effectively and automatically revoked for reasons of the borrower’s credit deterioration.	随时无条件可撤销承诺，是指工商银行可在任何时候且不需要事先通知就可以无条件取消的承诺或者由于借款人信用状况恶化，可以有效地自动取消的贷款承诺。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Conditionally revocable commitment means a commitment with the revocation terms other than those specified for the preceding two commitments.	有条件可撤销承诺，是指具有前两类承诺约定的撤销条款以外的其他撤销条款的承诺。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Syndicated loan commitment is a special commitment whereby several banks sign a legally binding contract or agreement with a corporate or personal customer to define their respective rights and obligations and grant a specific amount of credits to the customer within an agreed effective period in future according to the terms and conditions already agreed upon.	银团贷款承诺的一种特殊形式是贷款承诺，即由多家银行与企业和个人客户签订具有法律约束力的合同或协议，明确权利义务，在未来约定的有效期内，按照商定的条款为客户提供约定数额信贷支持的承诺。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Individual or corporate customers that need credit support from ICBC. 	需要工商银行提供信用支持的个人客户或企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Provide credit support for customers, ensure customers to obtain financing in future, and help improve customers’ credit rating. Section Seven	为客户提供信用支持，为客户提供未来可获得融资资金的保证，起到提高客户资信等级的作用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Asset Custody Products	第七节 资产托管产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Asset Custody for QFII	一、QFII资产托管	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Asset custody for qualified foreign institutional investor (QFII) means a custodian service that an institution of ICBC within the territory of China is entrusted by a foreign investor or a foreign lead custodian bank in China with custody of the property managed by an asset manager on behalf of an investor and supervision of the manager’s operation so as to prevent custodian asset risks.	QFII（合格境外机构投资者）资产托管是指工商银行在中国境内的机构接受中国境外投资者或境外主托管行的委托，对投资者委托资产管理人管理的财产进行保管并监督投资管理人运作，防范委托资产风险的托管服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC also provides such services as investment clearing, accounting, asset appraisal and information disclosure according to investors’ asset operation characteristics.	工商银行还根据投资者的资产运作特点提供相应的投资清算、会计核算、资产估值、信息披露等服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
QFIIs, which engage in investment business within the territory of China with approval of the competent authorities in charge of relevant industries of China, and need to put their funds under custody according to laws and regulations, or the fund companies, securities companies, insurance companies, commercial banks and pension funds intending to engage in custodian business.	适用于获得中国政府相关行业主管部门批准的合格境外机构投资者在中国境内投资开办业务，按照法律规定必须对其资金进行托管或者自己有意愿开办托管业务的基金公司、证券公司、保险公司、商业银行、养老基金等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. As one of the banks first running QFII custody business in China, ICBC is familiar with China’s securities market policy and QFII system, and has successfully assisted a large number of customers exploring their business in China.	1.工商银行是中国境内最早开办QFII托管业务的银行之一，熟悉中国证券市场政策及QFII制度，成功协助大批客户拓展中国市场业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. ICBC is the largest custodian bank in China and has ranked first for 12 consecutive years in terms of the market share of assets under custody.	2.工商银行是中国境内最大的托管银行，托管资产份额连续12年保持市场第一。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. ICBC is a professional custodian bank with its own advanced custody business system, and the first bank in China passing the SAS70 certification. Its custodian services have come up to the international standards.	3.工商银行是具有专业水平的托管银行，拥有自主研发的先进托管业务系统，是中国国内首家通过SAS70认证的银行，托管服务达到国际标准化要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. As a leading commercial bank in the world, ICBC has a rapid clearing network, adequate RMB funds and strong A share settlement capacity, and can provide efficient and diversified services for QFII customers.	4.工商银行是最具实力的商业银行之一，拥有快速的清算网络、充裕的人民币资金和强大的A股结算能力，能为QFII客户提供高效全面的服务支持。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Asset Custody for QDII	二、QDII资产托管	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Asset custody for qualified domestic institutional investor (QDII) means a custodian service that an institution of ICBC within the territory of China is entrusted by a domestic investor with custody of the property managed by an asset manager on behalf of an investor and supervision of the manager’s operation so as to prevent custodian asset risks.	QDII（合格境内机构投资者）资产托管是指工商银行在中国境内的机构接受中国境内投资者的委托，对投资者委托资产管理人管理的财产进行保管并监督投资管理人运作，防范委托资产风险的托管服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC also provides such services as investment clearing, accounting, asset appraisal, information disclosure as well as exchange settlement and sales, and inward and outward remittance of funds relating to overseas investment by QDIIs, in consideration of investors’ asset operation characteristics.	工商银行还根据投资者的资产运作特点提供相应的投资清算、会计核算、资产估值、信息披露以及与QDII境外投资相关的结售汇、资金汇出入等服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Commercial banks, fund management companies, trust companies, securities companies and insurance companies registered within the territory of China and approved by the competent authorities in charge of relevant industries to invest abroad, as well as other institutions ratified by China’s regulatory authorities.	适用于在中国境内注册，经相关行业主管部门批准赴中国境外投资的商业银行、基金管理公司、信托公司、证券公司、保险公司及经中国监管部门核准的其他机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. ICBC has kept atop in the industry in terms of custody business for QDII, thanks to its many years of involvement in and in-depth study of such business.	1. 工商银行多年来对QDII托管业务的及早介入和深入研究使其QDII托管业务水平处于业界前列。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. ICBC is a professional custodian bank with its own advanced custody business system, and the first bank in China passing the SAS70 audit certification. Its internal control of custodian services has come up to the international standards.	2.工商银行是具有专业水平的托管银行，拥有自主开发的先进托管业务系统，是中国国内首家通过SAS70审计认证的银行，托管服务内控水平达到国际标准化要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. ESCROW custody	三、ESCROW托管	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ESCROW custody means an asset custody business that ICBC is commissioned by fund assignment trustor and the takeover trustor to manage cross-border funds, effect payment when the stipulated events occur or the stipulated conditions are fulfilled, and supervise and disclose information on the cross-border fund use.	ESCROW托管是指工商银行受资金让与委托人、受让委托人委托，保管跨境资金，当约定的事件发生或约定的条件实现时支付资金，并对跨境资金使用情况进行监督和信息披露的一种资产托管业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ESCROW custody includes but is not limited to the commodity transactions, service transactions, equity transfer, M & A and debt restructuring between the assignment trustor and the takeover trustor.	包括但不限于让与委托人与受让委托人之间发生商品交易、服务交易、股权转让、兼并收购、债务重组等事项所产生的ESCROW托管。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises intending to conduct cross-border restructuring, expansion or asset disposal, M & A, enterprises intending to conduct cross-border transactions, and payment of commodities, services or funds, and foreign investment banks, risk investment companies, private equity companies and large multinational enterprises. 	有意进行跨境重组、扩张或者出卖资产、合并及收购的企业客户，需要进行跨境交易买卖，支付货物、服务或资金的企业客户，中国境外的投资银行、风险投资、私募基金公司，大型跨境企业等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. ICBC is a professional custodian bank with its own advanced custody business system, and the first bank in China passing the SAS70 audit certification. Its internal control of custodian services has come up to the international standards.	1.工商银行是具有专业水平的托管银行，拥有自主开发的先进托管业务系统，是中国国内首家通过SAS70审计认证的银行，托管服务内控水平达到国际标准化要求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. ICBC has a wide customer service network and widely distributed branches and outlets that can provide custodian services anytime and anywhere.	2.工商银行具有广泛的客户服务网络，分布广泛的分支机构和网点可为客户提供随时随地的托管服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Eight Investment Banking Products	第八节 投资银行产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Credit Investigation	一、资信调查	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit investigation is an investment banking product that ICBC issues a credit investigation report for the trustor to investigate and objectively reflect the credit status of the investigated party, the investigated asset and the investigated market as required by the trustor.	资信调查是指工商银行为委托人出具资信调查报告，调查并客观反映委托人所要求的被调查人、被调查资产、被调查市场的资信状况的投资银行产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Credit investigations include entity investigation, asset investigation, market investigation and grouped credit investigation.	资信调查包括单位调查、资产调查、市场调查和组合资信调查四大类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Entity investigation	1.单位调查	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity investigation means the service provided by ICBC to investigate the investigated entity’s registration information, correspondent banks, financial and operating status according to the entrustment of the trustor, and issue an entity investigation report to the trustor.	单位调查是指工商银行接受委托人委托，对被调查单位的注册信息、往来银行、财务状况及经营情况等进行调查，并向委托人出具单位调查报告的业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Asset investigation	2.资产调查	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Asset investigation means the service provided by ICBC to investigate the investigated entity’s asset type, ownership and value according to the entrustment of the trustor, and issue an asset investigation report to the trustor.	资产调查是指工商银行接受委托人委托，对被调查单位资产的类型、权属及价值等状况进行调查，并向委托人出具资产调查报告的业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Market investigation	3.市场调查	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Market investigation means the service provided by ICBC to investigate the information on a certain region or industry according to the entrustment of the trustor, and issue a market investigation report to the trustor.	市场调查是指工商银行接受委托人委托，就某一地区、行业等情况进行调查，并向委托人出具市场调查报告的业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Grouped credit investigation	4.组合资信调查	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Grouped credit investigation means the service provided by ICBC to group the investigation contents above according to the entrustment of the trustor, and submit a special investigation report to the trustor.	组合资信调查是指工商银行接受委托人委托，对以上各项调查内容进行按需组合，并向委托人提交专项调查报告的业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises with the demand for credit investigation.	具有资信调查业务需求的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Worldwide service network.	1.遍布全球的服务网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has numerous service institutions which may provide convenient and rapid credit investigation services to customers.	工商银行服务机构众多，可为客户提供便捷的资信调查服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Rich business resources.	2.丰富的业务资源。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has the largest corporate customer base in the world and may fully meet customers’ investigation demand.	工商银行拥有全球最大的企业客户群资源，可充分满足客户的调查需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Bank Reference	二、单位资信证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Bank reference means the banking service provided by ICBC to issue a certificate to the trustor by way of “one certificate for one case” according to a corporate customer’s entrustment and the objective facts, in order to confirm the business transactions between the trustor and ICBC within the scope of entrusted matters.	单位资信证明是指工商银行接受企业客户委托，依据客观事实，以“一事一证”的方式为委托人开立证明书，以确认委托人与工商银行在所委托事项范围内业务往来状况的银行服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
See Table 4-1 for the common bank references:	常用资信证明产品见表4-1：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Table 4-1 Common Bank References	表4-1 常用资信证明产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity account opening certificate	单位开户证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity single-account (currency) deposit balance certificate	单位单账户（币种）存款余额证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity multi-account (currency) deposit balance certificate	单位多账户（币种）存款余额证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity deposit amount certificate	单位存款发生额证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity loan balance certificate	单位贷款余额证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity loan amount certificate	单位贷款发生额证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity loan balance status certificate	单位贷款余额状况证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity settlement record certificate	单位结算记录证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity guarantee certificate	单位保函证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity L/C certificate	单位信用证证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity account write-off certificate	单位账户注销证明	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Entity contribution certificate (foreign investment)	单位缴资证明（外资）	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises which need credit bank reference to certify their business transactions with ICBC.	需要以资信证明形式证明其与工商银行业务往来状况的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
So far ICBC has launched dozens of standard bank references and bank confirmations, which can satisfy customers’ various certification demands, including deposit certificate, loan certificate, settlement discipline certificate and bank confirmation.	目前工商银行已推出几十个标准单位资信证明产品以及银行询证函产品，能够满足客户在存款证明、贷款证明、结算纪律证明、银行询证函等多方面的证明需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Regular Financial Advisory	三、常年财务顾问	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Regular financial advisory means the continuous and comprehensive financial advisory services provided by ICBC to customers depending on its customer resources, talent, information and technology advantages, which mainly include daily services, value-added study services and corporate wealth management consulting services.	常年财务顾问是指工商银行充分利用客户资源、人才、信息、科技等优势，为客户提供的持续性和综合性财务顾问服务，主要包括日常服务、增值研究服务和企业理财咨询服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Regular financial advisory aims to:	具体包括以下方面：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Help customers optimize financial management and tax planning in day-to-day operations;	1.帮助客户优化日常经营中的财务管理和税收规划。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Deeply analyze the volatile market and economic situations, and regularly provide professional study reports;	2.深入分析变幻莫测的市场和经济动态，定期提供专业研究报告。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Assist customers optimizing asset and liability structure and improve asset and liability management efficiency;	3.协助客户优化资产负债结构、提升资产和负债管理效率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Help customers plan on short, medium and long-term investment and financing strategies; and	4.帮助客户策划短期和中长期的投融资策略方案。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Assist customers formulating plans on cost, budget and profit management.	5.协助客户制定成本管理、预算管理和盈余管理方案。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises and social welfare institutions (including schools and hospitals).	企业、社会福利机构（学校、医院）等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. A strong advisory panel.	1.强大的顾问团队。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has numerous enterprise financial advisors to provide professional advisory services.	工商银行拥有数量众多的企业理财师，可提供专业的顾问服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Rich reporting resources.	2.丰富的报告资源。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Following many years of development, ICBC has continuously enriched advisory service contents by independent research and development and acquired information. 	经过多年发展，工商银行通过自主研发和外购信息两种途径持续丰富顾问服务内容。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Investment and Financing Advisory	四、投融资顾问	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Investment and financing advisory means the individualized financial advisory services provided by ICBC to help customers optimize financing structure, including but not limited to the optimization of financing term structure, cost and currency.	投融资顾问是指工商银行为帮助客户优化融资结构而提供的个性化财务顾问服务，服务内容包括但不限于融资期限结构优化、成本优化、币种优化等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Investment and financing advisory is divided into general financing advisory, project financing advisory and structured financing advisory by the specific service content.	根据具体服务内容的不同，投融资顾问可分为一般融资顾问、项目融资顾问和结构化融资顾问。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. General financing advisory means the services, such as financial diagnosis, asset restructuring, financial instrument selection, external rating consultation, credit enhancement and debt service planning and cash flow and account management planning, provided by ICBC to customers when they apply for bank loans.	1.一般融资顾问是指工商银行在客户申请银行贷款的过程中，为其提供的财务诊断、资产重整、金融工具选择、外部评级咨询、信用增级与偿债方案设计、现金流与账户管理方案设计等顾问服务的业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Project financing advisory means various consulting services relating to project financing provided by ICBC according to the entrustment of the project sponsor, investor or project company, to design and assist in implementation of the shareholder investment plan, financing currency and maturity plan, credit enhancement plan, debt service plan, cash flow and account management plan and project franchise plan for the project, in order to diversify project risks and reduce financing costs.	2.项目融资顾问是指工商银行接受项目发起人、投资者或项目公司的委托，提供与项目融资相关的各项咨询服务，对项目的股东投资方案、融资币种和期限方案、信用增级方案、偿债方案、现金流与账户管理方案、项目特许权方案等进行设计并协助其落实，以达到分散项目风险、降低融资成本的目的。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Structured financing advisory means the investment banking business that ICBC takes advantage of equity, fixed-income, derivative or other financial products based on the debt products, to meet customers’ complex financing demands, including adjustment of capital structure, optimization of debt term and reduction of financing costs.	3.结构化融资顾问是指工商银行为达到调整客户资本结构、优化客户负债期限、降低客户融资成本等目的，以债务类产品为基础，组合使用股权类、固定收益类、衍生类或其他金融产品，满足客户复杂融资需求的投资银行业务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises, public institutions, governmental bodies and other social organizations intending to investment in the projects of resources development, infrastructure construction and manufacturing, and other customers with demand for investment and financing business.	拟对资源开发、基础设施建设、制造业等项目进行投资的企事业单位、政府机构和其他社会组织，以及其他有投融资业务需求的客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Rich financing advisory experience.	1.丰富的融资顾问经验。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has rich project financing advisory experience, and can provide quality and efficient financing advisory services for customers. Many projects of ICBC won international awards.	工商银行拥有丰富的项目融资顾问经验，多个项目获得国际奖项，可为客户提供优质高效的融资顾问服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. A strong advisory panel.	2.强大的顾问团队。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has nearly 2,000 enterprise financial advisors to provide professional financing advisory services.	工商银行拥有近两千名企业理财师，能够提供专业的融资顾问服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Worldwide service network.	3.遍布全球的服务机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has numerous service institutions worldwide which may provide convenient and rapid financing advisory services to customers.	工商银行全球服务机构网点众多，可为客户提供方便快捷的融资顾问服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. Syndicated Loan Arrangement and Management	五、银团贷款安排与管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Syndicated loan arrangement and management means that a number of banks or other financial institutions entitled to credit business form a syndicate to provide loans or credits to the same borrower based on the same loan conditions and the same loan agreement.	银团贷款安排与管理服务是指获准经营信贷业务的多家银行或其他金融机构组成银团，基于相同的贷款条件，采用同一贷款协议，向同一借款人提供的贷款或授信。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC is capable of organizing syndicated loans as a lead bank, to effectively meet the large-value financing demands of customers, improve financial services and diversify credit risks.	工商银行具有牵头组织银团贷款的能力，能够高效满足客户的大额融资需求，提高金融服务水平，分散信贷风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises with large-value financing demands, including project financing demands, transitional financing demands in process of enterprise M & A, asset restructuring, import and export and issue of stocks and bonds, as well as structured financing demands.	适用于有大额融资需求，包括项目融资需求，企业并购、资产重组、进出口贸易、发行股票债券等过程中的过渡性融资需求及结构性融资需求等的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Strong product functions.	1.产品功能强。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It has wide business coverage, basically involving all the fields that need large-value financing; its services include not only arrangement for loan limits, but also financing management in the capacity of advisor.	基本上能够涉及所有需要大额融资的领域，覆盖的业务范围广泛；所提供的服务既包括安排贷款额度，又包括充当顾问给与融资管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Convenient procedures and strict timeliness.	2.手续简便，时效性高。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Syndicated loans are managed by reference to traditional bank loans and have relatively convenient procedures.	银团贷款参照传统银行贷款进行管理，手续相对简便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC can give play to the role as a lead bank in financing within a short period of time, to meet customers’ fund demands and help customers address fund shortage in time.	工商银行能够在较短的时间内发挥牵头融资能力，满足客户的资金需求，及时帮助客户度过资金难关。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VI. Direct Investment and Private Equity Advisory	六、直接投资与股权私募顾问	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Direct investment and private equity advisory mean intermediary, consulting, advisory and such other services provided by ICBC through agreed transfer, private equity, private placement and other ways as approved by laws and regulations, to help enterprises introduce domestic and foreign strategic investors and financial investors, help investors find target enterprises suited for investment, and help investors fulfill investment strategies and conduct coordination matters.	直接投资与股权私募顾问是指工商银行通过协议转让、股权私募、定向增发以及法律法规允许的其他方式为企业引进境内外战略投资者、财务投资者，为投资者寻找适合投资的目标企业、协助投资者实施投资战略、统筹协调有关事宜而提供的中介、咨询及顾问等服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Direct investment and private equity advisory aims to:	具体包括以下方面：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Design investor introduction plans for enterprises, and assist enterprises and related intermediaries to prepare relevant documents;	1.为企业设计投资者引入方案，协助企业及相关中介机构制作相关文件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Recommend eligible domestic and foreign investors tailored to the needs of enterprises;	2.根据企业实际需要，向其推荐合格的境内外投资者。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Provide reasonable suggestions on the design of transfer methods, operational strategies and transfer procedures for the enterprises intending to introduce investors by equity transfer, and assist enterprises to examine and select related intermediaries;	3.为拟以股权转让方式引进投资者的企业设计转让方式、操作策略、转让程序等提供合理化建议，协助企业对中介机构的资格进行审查及选任。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Provide reasonable suggestions on preparation and approval for the listed or unlisted enterprises intending to introduce investors by way of refinancing (including private placement and equity financing); assist enterprises to examine and select related intermediaries;	4. 为拟以再融资（包括定向增发、增资扩股）方式引进投资者的上市或非上市企业提供筹备和审批工作的合理化建议；协助企业对中介机构资格进行审查选任。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Design investment plans for domestic and foreign eligible investors, and assist investors and related intermediaries to prepare relevant documents;	5.为境内外合格的投资者设计投资方案，协助投资者及相关中介机构制作相关文件。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. Seek target enterprises suited for investment according to the needs of investors; and	6.根据投资者需要，为其寻找适合投资的目标企业。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
7. Assist enterprises to conduct due diligence investigation of investors to be introduced, or assist investors to conduct due diligence investigation of target enterprises, collect and transmit related information, utilize its own resources and network advantages to provide information support without prejudice to confidentiality terms, and assist in making related financing arrangements in process of or after direct investment.	7.协助企业对拟引进的投资者进行尽职调查，或协助投资者对目标企业进行尽职调查，负责有关资料的收集与传递，利用自身资源、网络优势在可公开信息范围内提供信息支持，协助在直接投资过程中或直接投资后安排相关融资。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises intending to introduce domestic and foreign strategic investors or financial investors or having the demand for direct investment.	有引进境内外战略投资者、财务投资者需求和有直接投资需求的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Rich advisory experience.	1.丰富的顾问经验。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
After years of development, ICBC has possessed rich advisory resources and experience, and can design customized service plans for customers.	经过多年发展，工商银行拥有丰富的顾问资源和从业经验，可以为客户量身定制个性化服务方案。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. A strong advisory panel.	2.强大的顾问团队。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has nearly 2,000 enterprise financial advisors to provide strong back office support and intelligent guarantee for services.	工商银行拥有近两千名企业理财师，为服务提供强大的后盾支持和智力保障。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Worldwide service network.	3.遍布全球的服务机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has numerous service institutions which may provide convenient and rapid advisory services to customers.	工商银行服务机构网点众多，可为客户提供方便快捷的顾问服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VII. Restructuring, Merger and Acquisition Advisory	七、重组并购顾问	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Restructuring, M & A advisory means the financial advisory services provided by ICBC to enterprises/public institutions or personal customers, involving acquisition, sale, merger, split-up, division and swap of equities, assets and liabilities. It mainly includes:	重组并购顾问是指工商银行为企（事）业单位或个人客户涉及股权、资产、负债的收购、出售、合并、分拆、分立、置换等提供的财务顾问服务，具体包括以下方面：	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Merger and acquisition (M&A) advisory.	1.并购顾问。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC provides customers with such advisory services as seeking counterparty, designing trading plan, organizing due diligence investigation and arranging for business negotiation concerning acquisition, sale and merger of assets, liabilities and equities.	工商银行为客户的资产、负债、股权的收购、出售、兼并提供的寻找交易对手、交易方案设计、组织尽职调查、安排商务谈判等顾问服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Restructuring advisory.	2.重组顾问。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC provides customers with such advisory services as seeking counterparty, designing trading plan, organizing due diligence investigation and arranging for business negotiation concerning restructuring of assets, liabilities and equities.	工商银行为客户的资产、负债、股权的重组提供的寻找交易对手、交易方案设计、组织尽职调查、安排商务谈判等顾问服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. M&A financing advisory.	3.并购融资顾问。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
In order to address customers' fund demand arising from restructuring, M & A projects, ICBC formulates an advisory plan on financing structure, category, term and cost, and an investment group accepts ICBC M&A loans and arranges such internal and external fund support services as guarantee offered to a domestic customer for its international loans, loan commitment, trust and wealth management, M&A fund, PE lead manager and direct investment.	工商银行为解决客户重组并购项目的资金需求，就融资结构、品种、期限、成本等方面形成顾问方案，并由投行团队统一受理发起工商银行并购贷款，以及安排内保外贷、担保承诺、信托理财、并购基金、PE主理银行、直接投资等行内外资金支持的服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises or individuals with M&A demand and groups with restructuring demand.	有并购需求的企业或个人，以及有重组需求的集团客户等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Customer advantages.	1.客户优势。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC maintains a close relationship with many large enterprises and thus can rapidly find counterparties.	工商银行与多家大型企业保持着密切关系，能够快速找到交易对手。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Network advantages.	2.网络优势。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has a large number of branches and outlets which are reasonably distributed and have complete facilities. It also has the most advanced information system network and wide social relation network.	工商银行拥有数量众多布局合理且设施完备的机构网络、最先进的信息系统网络和广泛的社会关系网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Product advantages.	3.产品优势。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has rich commercial banking product mixes, and can provide a full spectrum of financial services, including restructuring and M&A advisory, M&A loans, lead manager, trust and wealth management, syndicated loan, and guarantee to a domestic customer for financing its international loans.	工商银行拥有丰富的商业银行产品体系，能够提供重组并购顾问、并购贷款、主理银行、信托理财、银团贷款、内保外贷等产品，全方位金融服务能力突出。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Professional advantages.	4.专业优势。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has enough knowledgeable and experienced experts.	工商银行拥有数量充足、专业知识丰富和具有实际经验的专家。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Nine Investment and Wealth Management Products	第九节 投资理财产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Personal Insurance	一、个人保险	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Life insurance agency means the products sold by ICBC on behalf of insurance companies to insure personal life and property.	“个人保险”代理是工商银行代理保险公司销售的主要以人的寿命保障、个人财产等为保障对象的产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s agency insurance products are divided into personal life insurance and personal property insurance.	目前工商银行工商银行代理保险产品分为个人寿险和个人财险两大类。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal customers who hope to have their life interests or property insured.	希望对自己的生命权益或自己所属财产进行保障的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Provide guarantee for family life.	1.提供家庭生活保障。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal life insurance products can provide guarantee in case of decease or illness of a customer which may affect the economic status of his family. Customers who never involve risks during the policy term may obtain old-age guarantee by joining the reserve pension program.	个人寿险产品可为客户突然死亡、患病对家庭经济状况产生的影响提供保障，对于保险期内未发生风险的客户可通过投保储备养老金获得养老保障。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Most life insurance products also have the functions of savings or investment, thereby preserving and increasing the asset value of customers.	大部分人寿保险产品还兼备储蓄或投资功能，使客户资产保值增值。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Provide guarantee for accidental damage.	2.提供意外损失保障。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal property insurance may provide protection against risk to family property, transport vehicles, personal safety and such other physical property and relevant interests, and compensate customers for the losses incurred by emergencies to personal property.	个人财险可为客户的家庭财产、交通运输工具、人身安全等物质财产及有关利益提供安全保障，弥补突发事件对个人财产造成的损失。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Fund Products	二、基金产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Agency sale of fund products means ICBC sells products for a fund company, which raises money from customers and uses the money to invest in stock, bond and money instruments so as to meet customers’ demand for asset appreciation.	基金产品代理销售是指是工商银行代理基金公司销售其产品，由基金公司面向客户募集资金，并运用资金投资于股票、债券、货币工具，满足客户资产升值需求的产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）适用客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers which intend to invest in various securities products and can bear certain risks. 	有投资各类证券产品意愿的，能够承担一定风险的客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Collective wealth management and professional management.	1.集合理财、专业管理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
A fund pools money of numerous investors, and entrusts a fund manager with joint investment, so as to further give play to the scale advantages of funds and reduce investment costs.	基金将众多投资者的资金集中起来，委托基金管理人进行共同投资，有利于发挥资金的规模优势，降低投资成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Fund is managed and operated by a fund manager depending on its large group of investment research fellows and strong information network. It can better dynamically track and analyze the securities market and enable minority investors to enjoy professional investment management services.	基金由基金管理人进行投资管理和运作，借助其大量的专业投资研究人员和强大的信息网络，能够更好地对证券市场进行全方位的动态跟踪与分析，使中小投资者也能享受到专业化的投资管理服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Grouped investment to diversify risks.	2.组合投资、分散风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
One fund generally will purchase some dozens of or hundreds of securities, and thus investors can fully benefit from the grouped investment and risk diversification.	一只基金通常会购买几十种甚至上百种证券，投资者可以充分享受到组合投资、分散风险的好处。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Ten Treasury Transaction Products	第十节 资金交易产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Paper Precious Metals Transactions	一、账户贵金属交易	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Paper precious metals transaction means an individual customer exchanges USD for precious metals (ounce) or RMB for precious metals (gram) that cannot be overdrawn by counter or e-banking of ICBC within the specified transaction time.	账户贵金属交易是指个人客户在规定的交易时间内，通过工商银行柜面或电子银行渠道进行的不可透支的美元兑贵金属（盎司）或人民币兑贵金属（克）的交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
There are six kinds of investment products, i.e. USD paper gold, RMB paper gold, USD paper silver, RMB paper silver, USD paper platinum and RMB paper platinum.	目前投资品种包括以下六类：美元账户黄金、人民币账户黄金、美元账户白银、人民币账户白银、美元账户铂金、人民币账户铂金。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Individuals who have certain knowledge on the movement of precious metal market and are willing to reap high return on investment by bearing certain risks. 	对贵金属市场走势具有一定认识、愿意并有能力在承担一定风险的基础上获取较高投资回报的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Low transaction costs.	1.交易成本低。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Free of account opening fee, handling charge, and storage, transport and authentication fees of physical gold.	无开户费、交易手续费、实物黄金储藏、运输、鉴别费。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Long transaction time.	2.交易时间长。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
E-banking transaction is available from 7:00 a.m. every Monday to 4:00 a.m. every Saturday.	电子银行渠道每周一早7：00至周六早4：00连续提供交易服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Low transaction threshold.	3.交易起点低。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Take USD paper gold for example, the threshold of every transaction is merely 0.1 ounce, increasing at a tranche of 0.01 ounce.	以美元账户黄金为例，每笔交易起点仅为0.1盎司，以0.01盎司递增。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Wide transaction channels.	4.交易渠道广。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Such transaction channels as counter service, mobile banking (WAP), personal internet banking and telephone banking are available.	可支持柜面服务、手机银行（WAP）、个人网上银行、电话银行多渠道交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. Real time clearing of transaction funds.	5.交易资金实时清算。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Funds are cleared and transferred on a real time basis, and are allowed to be traded many times in one day.	资金实时清算，即时到账，当天可多次交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
6. Flexible transaction methods.	6.交易方式灵活多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
There are two transaction methods available for selection, i.e. real time transactions and entrusted transactions. 	有实时交易和委托交易两种交易方式可供选择。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Spot Foreign Exchange Transactions	二、即期外汇买卖	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Spot foreign exchange transaction means that a customer conducts the spot exchange transaction of different currencies by the foreign exchange trading system (including operating outlets, telephone banking, internet banking, mobile banking and self-service terminals) of ICBC.	即期外汇买卖是指客户在规定的交易时间内，通过工商银行外汇买卖交易系统（包括营业网点、电话银行、网上银行、手机银行、自助终端等)，进行不同币种之间的即期外汇交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Individuals who have certain knowledge on the movement of foreign exchange market and are willing to reap return on investment by bearing certain risks and those who have demand for currency exchange and need to exchange one currency for another, as well as enterprises and institutions with demand for currency exchange.	对外汇市场走势具有一定认识、愿意并有能力在承担一定风险的基础上博取投资回报和有实际换汇需求、需要将现有的一种货币兑换为另一种货币的个人客户，以及具有换汇需求的企业和机构等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Personal spot exchange trading	1.个人即期外汇买卖	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Long transaction time.	（1）交易时间长。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
E-banking transaction is available from 7:00 a.m. every Monday to 4:00 a.m. every Saturday.	电子银行渠道每周一早7：00至周六早4：00连续提供交易服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Flexible transaction methods.	（2）交易方式多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
There are real time transactions and entrusted transactions available for selection.	有即时交易和委托交易两种。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Of them, entrusted transactions are categorized into take-profit entrustment, stop-loss entrustment and two-way entrustment.	其中委托交易包括获利委托、止损委托和双向委托三种。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The time limit of entrusted transaction offer is up to 120 hours.	委托交易挂单时限宽泛，最长可挂单120小时。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Low transaction threshold.	（3）交易起点金额低。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Generally, a customer may engage in personal foreign exchange trading in ICBC with merely USD100 or equivalent in other currencies.	通常只需100美元或等值其它货币，便可在工商银行进行个人外汇买卖交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(4) Wide transaction channels.	（4）交易渠道广。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Such transaction channels as counter service, mobile banking (WAP), personal internet banking and telephone banking are available.	可支持柜面服务、手机银行（WAP）、个人网上银行、电话银行多渠道交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(5) Real time clearing of transaction funds.	（5）交易资金实时清算。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Funds are cleared and transferred on a real time basis, and are allowed to be traded many times in one day.	资金实时清算，即时到账，当天可多次交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(6) Various transaction currencies.	（6）交易币种多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Tradable currencies generally include USD, Yen, HKD, GBP, Euro, Canadian Dollar, Swiss Francs, Australian Dollar, New Zealand Dollar, Singapore Dollar, South Korea Won and local currencies.	可交易币种一般包括美元、日元、港币、英镑、欧元、加拿大元、瑞士法郎、澳大利亚元、新西兰元、新加坡元、韩元等币种和当地货币。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Corporate spot exchange trading	2.对公即期外汇买卖	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(1) Simple, clear and understandable trading structure.	（1）交易结构简单清晰，易于理解。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(2) Flexible transaction methods.	（2）交易方式多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
There are real time transactions and entrusted transactions available for selection.	有即时交易和委托交易两种。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Of them, entrusted transactions are categorized into take-profit entrustment and stop-loss entrustment.	其中委托交易包括获利委托和止损委托两种。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
(3) Various transaction currencies.	（3）交易币种多样。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Tradable currencies generally include USD, Yen, HKD, GBP, Euro, Canadian Dollar, Swiss Francs, Australian Dollar, New Zealand Dollar, Singapore Dollar, South Korea Won and local currencies.	可交易币种一般包括美元、日元、港币、英镑、欧元、加拿大元、瑞士法郎、澳大利亚元、新西兰元、新加坡元、韩元等币种和当地货币。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Forward Foreign Exchange Transactions	三、远期外汇买卖	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Forward foreign exchange transaction means that ICBC signs a forward foreign exchange trading contract with an eligible customer to clear funds on a certain date in future according to the stipulated foreign exchange currency, amount, exchange rate and term.	远期外汇买卖是指工商银行与具有一定资质的客户签订远期外汇买卖合约，约定在未来的某一日根据预先约定的外汇币种、金额、汇率和期限进行资金清算的产品。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers aiming at hedging or investment.	以套期保值或投资为目的的对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Relatively simple structure that is easy to be understood by customers.	1.结构相对简单，易于客户理解。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Relative mature products allowing customers to hedge exchange rate risks based on their future foreign exchange income and expenditure and anticipation of exchange rate market.	2.产品较为成熟，客户可以根据未来的外汇收支状况和对汇率市场的预期规避汇率风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Free of such trading fees as options fee and handling fee so as to save trading costs for customers.	3.不存在期权费、手续费等交易费用，为客户节约了交易成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Design products tailored to the individualized demands of customers.	4.可以根据客户个性化需求进行产品设计。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Foreign Exchange Swap Transactions	四、掉期外汇买卖	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Foreign exchange swap transaction means that both trading parties agree to swap a certain amount of currency A for currency B at a certain exchange rate (generally market exchange rate), and swap currency B for same amount of currency A on a future date at the specified price.	掉期外汇买卖是交易双方约定以一定数量货币A按照一定汇率（一般为市场汇率）交换货币B，并在约定的未来日期以约定价格用货币B反向交换同样数量的货币A。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers with domestic and foreign currency fund management demand and hedging demand.	出于自身本外币资金管理需求和有套期保值需求的对公客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Simple, clear and understandable trading structure.	1.交易结构简单清晰、易于理解。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Customers may hedge exchange rate risks based on their current and future foreign exchange income and expenditure and anticipation of exchange rate market.	2.客户可根据当前及未来的外汇收支状况和对汇率市场的预期规避汇率风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Design products tailored to the individualized demands of customers.	3.可以根据客户个性化需求进行产品设计。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. Interest Rate Swap	五、利率掉期	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Interest rate swap means a financial contract whereby a customer and ICBC agree to calculate and swap interest within a specified period in future based on the contracted principal and interest rate.	利率掉期是指客户与工商银行约定在未来一定期限内，根据约定的本金和利率计算利息并进行利息交换的金融合约。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
It generally refers to the swap of fixed and floating interest rates.	通常表现为固定利率与浮动利率的交换。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Financial institutions and non-financial institutions which need to hedge interest rate risk, increase return on assets and flexibly manage assets and liabilities.	有规避利率风险、增加资产收益、灵活管理资产负债需求的金融机构和非金融机构。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Match the maturity of assets and liabilities and manage the basic variance risks incurred by fixed and floating interest rates.	1.匹配资产负债期限，管理固定利率与浮动利率的基差风险。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Hedge the market risks incurred by interest rate fluctuation or enjoy the income of interest rate fluctuation, reduce enterprise financing costs or increase return on investment.	2.规避利率波动的市场风险或享受利率波动的收益，降低企业融资成本或提高投资收益。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Turn to the method with lowest financing costs by interest rate swap based on the comparative advantages of enterprises or financial institutions in financing, so as to attain the objective of reducing financing costs.	3.结合企业或者金融机构融资时的比较优势，通过利率互换转换为融资成本最低的方式，达到降低融资成本的目的。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Take advantage of the arbitrage opportunities in the financial market and the combination of basic products and interest rate swap transactions to improve return on investment and wealth management.	4.利用金融市场存在的套利机会，通过基础产品和利率互换交易的组合，提高投资理财收益。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. ICBC may design customized products for customers to meet their needs and reduce or lock up financing costs. 6. Continuous dynamic management.	5.工商银行可以为客户进行个性化的产品设计，满足客户需求，降低或锁定融资成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC may regularly provide assessment reports on interest rate swap and render subsequent dynamic management services according to market situation and customer demand.	6.持续的动态管理,工商银行可以定期提供利率掉期交易的评估报告，结合市场行情和客户需求提供后续的动态管理服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VI. Bond Transactions and Settlement Agency	六、债券交易及结算代理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Bond transactions and settlement agency business means that ICBC's institutions within the territory of China, as bond settlement agents, handle bond transactions and settlement for customers at their request.	债券交易及结算代理业务是指工商银行在中国境内的机构作为债券结算代理人，受客户的委托为其办理债券交易和结算等业务的行为。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Agency business mainly includes handling the formalities for opening or cancellation of bond custody accounts and internetworking of bond transactions for customers, dealing with bond transactions and settlement for customers in their name, and providing customers such services as market analysis, consultation and investment suggestions.	代理业务主要包括：为客户办理债券托管账户开户、销户等手续，代客户办理债券交易联网手续，以客户的名义为客户办理债券交易及结算业务，为客户提供市场分析、咨询、投资建议等服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers such as local central banks or monetary authorities, RMB clearing banks in Hong Kong and Macao, and participating banks of RMB settlement for cross-border trade, particularly the latter. 	适用于当地中央银行或货币当局、香港及澳门地区人民币业务清算行、跨境贸易人民币结算参加行等对公客户，重点以跨境贸易人民币结算参加行为主。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. High-quality trading services.	1.优质的交易服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has strong fund strength, intensive fund operation system and experienced investment team to provide high-quality bond trading services for customers.	工商银行庞大的资金实力、集约化的资金营运体系和拥有丰富交易经验的投资团队，可为客户提供优质的债券交易服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Efficient business handling.	2.高效的业务处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has a professional bond transaction and settlement agency team and an advanced business management system to provide efficient and rapid bond transaction and settlement agency services for customers.	工商银行专业的债券交易及结算代理团队和先进的业务管理系统为客户提供高效快捷的债券交易及结算代理服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Sound business messages.	3.完善的业务资讯。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s excellent study team can provide customers with all-round market information, differentiated investment suggestions and dynamic combined management strategies in a timely manner.	工商银行卓越的研究团队及时向客户提供全面的市场信息、差异化的投资建议和动态的组合管理策略。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Rich agency experience.	4.丰富的代理经验。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC is the first commercial bank engaging in such business within the territory of China, and it is familiar with business requirements and has complete business regulations and relevant documents. 	工商银行是中国境内首家开办此业务的商业银行，熟悉业务办理要求，具备完善的业务制度和相关文本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VII. Cross-border RMB Purchase and Sale	七、跨境人民币购售	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Cross-border RMB purchase and sale business means that ICBC’s institutions within the territory of China, at the request of overseas participating banks for RMB settlement for cross-border trade, provide RMB purchase and sale services under trade settlement within the limit stipulated by the People’s Bank of China.	跨境人民币购售业务是指工商银行中国境内机构应跨境贸易人民币结算中国境外参加银行要求，在中国人民银行规定的限额内，为中国境外参加银行提供贸易结算项下的人民币购售服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Participating banks of RMB settlement for cross-border trade which provide RMB purchase and sale services for the enterprises that have direct trade relationship with China’s domestic enterprises and need to effect payment in RMB based on the true trade background.	适用于面向与中国内地企业有直接贸易往来、基于真实贸易背景具有人民币支付需要的企业客户开办人民币购售业务的跨境贸易人民币结算参加银行。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. High-quality trading services.	1.优质的交易服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC keeps atop in the industry in terms of RMB foreign exchange business, has a comprehensive and high-quality business product line with excellent services and low prices, and can provide customers with a full range of fund services.	工商银行人民币外汇业务居于同业领先地位，形成了品种全、质量高、服务优、价格廉的业务产品体系，可为客户提供全方位的资金服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Efficient business handling.	2.高效的业务处理。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has a globally leading banking system characterized by strong functions, stable performance and rapid business processing; processing domestic and foreign currencies in a centralized manner, ICBC can provide customers with integrated fund services.	工商银行拥有全球领先的银行系统，功能强大、性能稳定、业务处理速度快；本外币集中化处理，可为客户提供一体化的资金服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Domestic and foreign interaction and cooperation.	3.境内外联动合作。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Depending on its global operating network and interaction and cooperation among branches, ICBC can provide customers with more convenient and rapid services.	依托工商银行的全球经营网络，通过各分行联动合作，可为客户提供更为快捷的服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Leading quotation capability.	4.领先的报价能力。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC leads the industry in terms of optimal price ratio and can provide customers with more competitive quotation.	工商银行市场最优价比率位于同业领先水平，可为客户提供更具竞争力的报价。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Section Eleven E-Banking Products	第十一节 电子银行产品	sample1-en-sample1-zh
I. Personal Internet Banking	一、个人网上银行	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal internet banking means the uniform and unique globalized personal internet banking established by ICBC based on its FOVA system, taking into account global uniform standards and the business differences of each country, which can provide personal customers with such financial services as account information inquiry, account management, transfer, remittance, F/X remittance settled in advance, investment and wealth management.	个人网上银行是依托工商银行FOVA系统建立的，具有全球统一标准、兼顾各国业务差异，整体统一与特色兼容的全球化个人网上银行，能够为个人客户提供账务信息查询、账户管理、转账、汇款、预结汇汇款、投资理财等金融服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal customers which have opened accounts with ICBC.	在工商银行开立账户的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Stable and efficient system and developed settlement network.	1.稳定高效的系统、发达的结算网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Strong functions and diversified products.	2.功能强大、产品丰富。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Provide round-the-clock 3A (Anytime, Anywhere and Anyhow) services, enabling customers to enjoy rapid and quality banking services anywhere and anyhow by access to internet.	3.提供3A（Anytime 、Anywhere 、Anyhow）式的服务，7×24小时全天候服务不间断，无论客户地处何方、身处何境，只需接入互联网即可享受迅速优质的银行服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. 2+1 language system (Chinese + English + local language) to meet the requirements of customers in each country.	4.2+1的语言体系（中文+英文+当地语言），满足各国客户的需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
II. Corporate Internet Banking	二、企业网上银行	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate internet banking means the uniform and unique globalized corporate internet banking established by ICBC based on its FOVA system, taking into account global uniform standards and the business differences of each country, which can provide corporate customers with such financial services as account information inquiry, collection and payment, centralized allocation of funds, investment and wealth management.	企业网上银行是依托工商银行FOVA系统建立的，具有全球统一标准、兼顾各国业务差异，整体统一与特色兼容的全球化企业网上银行，能够为企业客户提供账务信息管理、收付款、资金集中调度、投资理财等金融服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Well-reputed corporate customers which have opened accounts with ICBC.	在工商银行开立账户、信誉良好的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Stable and efficient system and developed settlement network.	1.稳定高效的系统、发达的结算网络。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Strong functions and diversified products.	2.功能强大、产品丰富。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Provide round-the-clock 3A (Anytime, Anywhere and Anyhow) services, enabling customers to enjoy rapid and quality banking services anywhere and anyhow by access to internet.	3.提供3A（Anytime 、Anywhere 、Anyhow）式的服务， 7×24小时全天候服务不间断，无论客户地处何方、身处何境，只需接入互联网即可享受迅速优质的银行服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Multiple combined authorization mechanism that enables customers to select multi-person orderly authorization and random authorization.	4.多种组合授权机制，客户可按照实际需要选择多人顺序授权和无序授权。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. 2+1 language system (Chinese + English + local language) to meet the requirements of customers in each country.	5.2+1的语言体系（中文+英文+当地语言），满足各国客户的需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
III. Personal Telephone Banking	三、个人电话银行	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal telephone banking means such financial services as account inquiry, transfer and remittance, loss reporting, fee payment, time deposits, foreign exchange trading, credit card services and public information inquiry provided by ICBC to personal customers in the form of automated voice service and manual answer service by telephone banking system.	个人电话银行是指工商银行通过电话银行系统，利用自助语音、人工坐席等形式为个人客户提供的账户查询、转账汇款、挂失、缴费、定期存款、外汇买卖、信用卡服务、公共信息查询等金融服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal customers of ICBC.	工商银行个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Simple and convenient operations.	1.使用简单，操作便利。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC's telephone banking system integrates automated voice service and manual answer service, and customers may enjoy both services by clicking on telephone buttons.	工商银行电话银行将自动语音服务与人工接听服务有机结合在一起，客户只需通过电话按键操作，就可享受自助语音服务和温馨人工服务的完美统一。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Convenient procedures and strong functions.	2.手续简便，功能强大。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC’s telephone banking application procedures are convenient, and any customer may apply to an outlet of ICBC for telephone banking by presenting his valid certificates and the account medium of ICBC, and enjoy the convenient, rapid and efficient financial services of telephone banking.	工商银行电话银行申办方便，客户只须携带本人有效证件及工商银行账户介质即可到网点申请开通电话银行，享受电话银行便捷高效的金融服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The customers who have not opened an account may directly enjoy some simple services including fee payment and public information inquiry.	未办理开户手续的客户也可以直接享受缴费、公共信息查询等简单服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Cost-effective, secure and reliable.	3.成本低廉，安全可靠。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC telephone banking is timesaving and cost-effective and it can deal with most services.	工商银行电话银行可以办理大部分业务，既节省时间，又降低成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, ICBC adopts the most advanced technique to guarantee the security of customer information and transaction information.	同时，工商银行采用目前最先进的技术保障客户信息和交易信息的安全，让客户用得安心。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Global roaming and convenient and rapid operation.	4.全球漫游，方便快捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has developed a 95588 telephone banking system worldwide, enabling customers to have a direct access to the telephone banking of the designated regions by non-local roaming free of any charges of long distance calls.	工商银行打造了全球范围的95588电话银行体系，使客户在使用时可通过异地漫游直接接入指定地区的电话银行，无需承担长途电话费用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
5. The services are available 24 hours a day and seven days a week.	5.7×24小时全天候服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IV. Corporate Telephone Banking	四、企业电话银行	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate telephone banking means such financial services as account inquiry, transfer and remittance, fee payment, time deposits, foreign exchange trading, bill services and public information inquiry provided by ICBC to corporate customers in the form of automated voice service and manual answer service by telephone banking system.	企业电话银行是指工商银行通过电话银行系统，利用自助语音、人工坐席等形式为企业客户提供的账户查询、转账汇款、缴费、定期存款、外汇买卖、票据服务、公共信息查询等金融服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate customers of ICBC.	工商银行企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Convenient and rapid procedures and services.	1.手续简便，服务便捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Any customer that has a corporate account with ICBC may apply to an outlet of the Bank for corporate banking by presenting corporate seal, so as to enjoy the convenient account management and obtain the information on account details and balance changes at any time.	客户只须在工商银行开立有对公账户，即可携带单位公章到工商银行网点开通企业电话银行，享受账户管理的方便，随时获取账务明细、余额变动等信息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The customers who have not opened an account may directly enjoy some simple services including public information inquiry.	未办理开户手续的客户也可以直接享受公共信息查询等简单服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Simple and convenient operations.	2.使用简单，操作便利。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate telephone banking integrates automated voice service and manual answer service perfectly, and customers may enjoy automated voice service and manual consulting service by clicking on the telephone buttons.	企业电话银行将自助语音与人工接听服务有机结合在一起，客户只需通过电话按键操作，就可享受自助语音服务与温馨的人工咨询服务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Cost-effective, secure and reliable.	3. 成本低廉，安全可靠。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC telephone banking is timesaving and cost-effective and it can deal with most services.	工商银行电话银行可以办理大部分业务，既节省时间，又降低成本。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Meanwhile, ICBC adopts the most advanced technique to guarantee the security of customer information and transaction information.	同时，工商银行采用目前最先进的技术保障客户信息和交易信息的安全，让客户用得安心。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Global roaming and convenient and rapid operation.	4. 全球漫游，方便快捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC has developed a 95588 telephone banking system worldwide, enabling customers to have a direct access to the telephone banking of the designated regions by non-local roaming free of long distance call fees.	工商银行打造了全球范围的95588电话银行体系，使客户在使用时可通过异地漫游直接接入指定地区的电话银行，无需承担长途电话费用。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
V. ICBC Messenger	五、工银信使	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ICBC messenger means the financial information services provided by ICBC to its registered e-banking customers, leveraging on such information publication channels as email, SMS service or mailing.	工银信使是工商银行为电子银行注册客户提供的金融信息服务，信息发布渠道为电子邮件、手机短信或邮寄。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may customize account change reminder, regular maturity reminder and credit card repayment reminder upon maturity by the messenger service.	客户可通过信使服务定制所需要的账户变动提醒、定期到期提醒以及信用卡到期还款提醒等。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal and corporate customers needing to understand changes in account funds and obtain banks’ financial information.	具有及时掌握账户资金变动、获取银行金融信息需求的个人客户和企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Convenient and rapid.	1.方便快捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Information transmission by SMS service and email is convenient for customers to receive and can be held in confidence.	手机短信和电子邮件形式发送的信息方便客户接收、私密性好。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Timely and efficient.	2.及时高效。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The service enables customers to understand their financial status anywhere and anytime.	随时随地及时掌控自身财务状况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. 2+1 language system (Chinese + English + local language) to meet the requirements of customers in each country.	3.2+1的语言体系。 可提供中文、英文或当地语言，满足各国客户的需求。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VI. Personal Electronic Reconciliation Statements	六、个人电子对账单	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal electronic reconciliation statement means the general ledger data, including the debit and credit transaction amount and ending balance of customer account within a certain period (generally one month) provided to individual internet banking customers.	个人电子对账单是指为个人网上银行客户提供的，包括客户账户在某一时期（通常为一个月）收、支方的发生额以及期末余额等项目的总账数据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may perform the functions such as inquiry and download of electronic reconciliation statements by internet banking.	客户可以在网银进行实现电子对账单的查询、下载功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal internet banking customers of ICBC.	工商银行个人网上银行客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Environment-friendly.	1.绿色环保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The service is environment-friendly as it can save numerous papers used in printing traditional payroll.	可节省大量打印传统工资单所用的纸张，实现绿色环保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Convenient inquiry and storage.	2.查询保存方便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may inquire about and download electronic reconciliation statements anytime by personal internet banking, so as to learn about the fund changes in all of their bank accounts and make daily reconciliation more easily and conveniently.	通过个人网上银行可随时查询下载电子对账单，从而轻松了解所有银行账户的资金变化情况，使日常对账更加轻松和方便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VII. Corporate Electronic Reconciliation Statements	七、企业电子对账单	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate electronic reconciliation statement provides corporate internet banking customers with the functions such as inquiry and download of electronic accounts of the headquarters and branches of group customers.	企业电子对账单是指为企业网上银行客户提供的，对集团客户本部及辖属分支机构的账户电子账单进行查询、下载的功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Trading information recorded in the accounts includes information on various transactions completed by corporate internet banking and other means (bank counter, etc.).	账单所记载的交易信息包括通过企业网上银行和其他途径（银行柜台等）完成的各类交易信息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may sign agreements on maintenance of account statement by corporate internet banking.	客户通过企业网上银行可签订维护对账单协议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may customize comprehensive account statement or designated account statement tailored to the needs of customers, select the accounts subject to reconciliation, account statement receiving methods (mailing or self pick-up at an outlet) and information on account statement (e.g. reconciliation cycle), and may also inquire about and maintain (or terminate) the agreements on account statement.	客户可根据自身需要定制客户综合对账单或指定账户对账单，选择参与对账的账户、选择对账单接收方式（信函邮寄或选定网点自取）、选择对账单信息（如对账周期）等等，还可查询、维护（包括终止）对账单协议。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Corporate internet banking customers of ICBC.	工商银行企业网上银行客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Environment-friendly.	1.绿色环保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The service is environment-friendly as it can save numerous papers used in printing traditional payroll.	可节省大量打印传统工资单所用的纸张，实现绿色环保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Convenient inquiry and storage.	2.查询保存方便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may inquire about and download electronic reconciliation statements anytime by corporate internet banking, so as to learn about the fund changes in all of their bank accounts, facilitate daily reconciliation more easily and conveniently, and make it possible to achieve electronic reconciliation between enterprises and the Bank.	通过企业网上银行可随时查询下载电子对账单，从而轻松了解企业所有账户的资金变化情况，使日常对账更加轻松和方便，使企业与银行之间的电子化对账成为可能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
VIII. Electronic Payroll	八、电子工资单	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Electronic payroll means the pay list query services provided by ICBC to employees of an enterprise by personal internet banking, after the enterprise pays salaries to its employees via ICBC.	电子工资单是企业通过工商银行向其单位员工发放工资后，向员工提供的可通过其个人网上银行查询的工资信息单据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprise employees may inquire about pay list by their personal internet banking.	代发企业员工可通过其个人网上银行查询工资信息单据。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprise customers handling payroll agency business with ICBC and personal customers who need to inquire about their pay lists by personal internet banking. 	在工商银行办理代发工资业务的企业客户和具有通过个人网银查看工资信息单据需求的个人客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Simple and efficient.	1.简单高效。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Accountants of an enterprise may upload electronic payroll of employees by corporate internet banking without printing and transmitting the payroll, so as to reduce their workload and improve their efficiency in distributing monthly payroll.	企业财务人员通过企业网上银行上传员工电子工资单，无需打印和传递，减少了财务人员的工作量，提高了每月发放工资单的工作效率。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Secure and reliable.	2.安全可靠。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Compared with paper payroll, electronic payroll has higher confidentiality as it does not need to be transmitted manually.	相对纸质工资单，电子工资单没有人工传递环节，加强了员工工资单的保密性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Environment-friendly.	3.绿色环保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The service is environment-friendly as it can save numerous papers used in printing traditional payroll.	可节省大量打印传统工资单所用的纸张，实现绿色环保。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
4. Convenient inquiry and storage.	4.查询保存方便。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises may upload payroll information by corporate internet banking of ICBC while paying salaries, and personal customers may easily inquire about information on their monthly payroll by personal internet banking and summarize, download and save such information by a certain period of time.	企业可在发放工资同时通过工商银行企业网上银行上传工资单信息，个人客户可通过个人网上银行轻松查询到每月工资单信息，还可按时间段进行汇总查询并下载保存。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
IX. Electronic Acknowledgement	九、电子回单	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Electronic acknowledgement is provided by ICBC to corporate internet banking customers to record their account trading information and contain the same elements with the paper acknowledgement provided at counters.	电子回单是指工商银行为企业网上银行客户提供的，记录企业账户交易信息并与柜面纸质回单要素相同的电子化回单。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Accountants of enterprises may inquire about daily and previous particulars by corporate internet banking and print the electronic acknowledgement of every transaction on line by digital signature.	企业财务人员使用企业网上银行服务在网上银行查询当日明细和历史明细时，可通过数字签名在线打印每笔交易的电子回单。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
The format and elements of electronic acknowledgement are same as that provided at counters, and customers may either log on ICBC’s website to input the elements of acknowledgement at any time in order to verify the genuineness of electronic acknowledgement, or obtain a paper acknowledgement affixed with the bank seal at their account banks.	电子回单的格式和要素与柜面相同，客户可以随时登录工商银行网站输入回单要素验证电子回单真实性，也可到开户行领取加盖银行章的纸制回单。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Enterprises which need to understand particulars about internet banking transactions and obtain transaction vouchers.	需要了解网上银行交易明细、并获取交易凭证的企业客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Detailed and rich information.	1.信息详细丰富。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Electronic acknowledgement records various detailed information regarding corporate internet payment transactions.	电子回单记载了企业网上付款交易的各种详细交易信息。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Customers may understand information on all bank accounts and fund receipt and expenditure of their headquarters and branches.	可以了解企业总部及分支机构所有银行账户信息，及时掌握资金收入和支出情况。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. True and reliable authentication.	2. 认证真实可靠。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Electronic acknowledgement is affixed with bank seal specially used for electronic acknowledgement and marked an electronic acknowledgement number. Its truthfulness can be verified at ICBC’s website so as to ensure the electronic acknowledgement is true and verifiable.	电子回单加盖了银行电子回单专用章，并且标注了电子回单号，可在工商银行网站校验真伪，以确保电子回单的真实性和可验证性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Convenient and rapid use.	3.使用方便快捷。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Electronic acknowledgement provides round-the-clock inquiry functions to facilitate the enterprise accounting for various transactions.	电子回单提供7×24小时账户电子回单查询功能，便于处理各类交易的企业账务。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Any enterprise which has opened a corporate settlement account is entitled to such function by the corporate internet banking of the outlet where its account is opened.	在银行开立单位结算账户的企业在开户网点注册企业网上银行即可使用此功能。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
X. E-banking Password Card	十、电子银行口令卡	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
E-banking password card is an e-banking security tool provided by ICBC to meet customers’ requirements on electronic channel transactions in consideration of the factors of security and costs. The product is a matrix-shaped card with certain character strings each corresponding to the sole coordinate.	电子银行口令卡是工商银行为满足客户的电子渠道交易安全要求，综合安全性与成本因素推出的一种电子银行安全工具，该产品是一张以矩阵形式印有若干字符串的卡片，每个字符串对应一个唯一的坐标。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
When a customer inputs security password when using relevant e-banking functions of ICBC, the system will display some designated coordinates, and the customer needs to input the corresponding character string on the card as password, and then the system may accept the transaction after verifying that the password characters are correct.	客户在使用工商银行电子银行相关功能时需要输入安全密码时，系统显示若干指定坐标，客户将卡片上对应的字符串作为密码输入，系统校验密码字符正确则可受理该笔交易。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal and corporate e-banking customers of ICBC.	工商银行个人电子银行客户和企业电子银行客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Secure transaction process.	1.确保交易过程安全。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
E-banking password card may effectively prevent lawbreakers from stealing user password by false website, Trojan virus and hacker attack, so as to safeguard transaction security.	电子银行口令卡可以有效地防止不法分子通过虚假网站、木马病毒、黑客攻击等手段窃取用户密码，保障交易安全。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. Secure and reliable encryption.	2.加密方式安全可靠。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
System may designate certain coordinates randomly every time, and the password used each time is sole, random and unforeseeable.	系统每次均以随机方式指定若干坐标，每次使用的密码都具有唯一性、动态变化性和不可预知性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
3. Simple, cost-effective and portable.	3.操作简单、成本低廉、便于携带。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
XI. USB Shield	十一、U盾	sample1-en-sample1-zh
i. Introduction	（一）简介	sample1-en-sample1-zh
USB shield is a high-level security tool provided by ICBC to its internet banking customers, which is used in digital signature and certification of personal and corporate internet banking.	U盾是工商银行为网上银行客户提供的高级别安全工具，用于个人网上银行及企业网上银行的电子签名和数字认证。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
USB shield is embedded in a smart card microprocessor, which may be used in encryption, decryption and digital signature of internet data by 1024-digit asymmeTric PIN key algorithm, in order to guarantee the confidentiality, truthfulness, completeness and incontestability of internet transactions.	U盾内置微型智能卡处理器，采用1024位非对称密钥算法对网上数据进行加密、解密和数字签名，确保网上交易的保密性、真实性、完整性和不可否认性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
ii. Target customers	（二）目标客户	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Personal and corporate internet banking customers of ICBC. 	工商银行个人网上银行客户及企业网上银行客户。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
iii. Characteristics and advantages	（三）特点和优势	sample1-en-sample1-zh
1. Higher trading security level.	1.交易安全级别更高。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
USB shield, as the top-level internet banking security certification tool, stores unreadable digital certificates in the form of mobile digital certificates, in order to guarantee the confidentiality and uniqueness of customer information.	U盾是最高级别的网上银行安全认证方式，通过移动数字证书的形式存放不可读取的数字证书，确保了客户信息的保密性、唯一性。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
2. More applicable functions and higher trading privilege.	2.适用功能更全面、交易权限更高。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
With a USB shield, any customer may be entitled to all the internet banking services of ICBC with a higher privilege and exempt from the restriction of security certification mode.	使用U盾，可以使用工商银行全部的网上银行业务，交易权限更高，不会受到安全认证方式的限制。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Science & technology management regulations for overseas institutions	境外机构科技管理制度	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Operation management	运行管理类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Event management	事件管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Problem management, emergency management	问题管理、应急管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Change management, operation management	变更管理、操作管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Data management	数据管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Computer room managment	机房管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Operation monitoring management	运行监控管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Availability, performance and capacity management	可用性、性能容量管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Service level mangement	服务水平管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
General management	综合管理类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Science & technology assessment management	科技考评管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Computer equipment management	计算机设备管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Technological documentation management	科技文档管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Management of science & technology advancement awards	科技进步推动奖管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Science & technology outsourcing management	科技外包管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Information system security management	信息系统安全管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Science & technology inspection management	科技检查管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Management of science & technology regulations and standards	科技制度、规范管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Project management	项目管理类	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Testing management of application R&D project	应用研发类项目测试管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Software product management	软件产品管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Science & technolgy project management	科技项目管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
Management of initiation of science & technology projects	科技项目立项管理	sample1-en-sample1-zh
① Article 11 of the China Internal Auditing Standard No. 18.	① 中国内部审计具体准则第18号第十一条。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
② Article 2 of the China Internal Auditing Standard No. 17.	② 中国内部审计具体准则第17号第二条。	sample1-en-sample1-zh
